# [26. Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array)

## 题目

Given an integer array `nums` sorted in **non-decreasing order** , remove the
duplicates [**in-place**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/In-place_algorithm)
such that each unique element appears only **once**. The **relative order** of
the elements should be kept the **same**. Then return _the number of unique
elements in_`nums`.

Consider the number of unique elements of `nums` to be `k`, to get accepted,
you need to do the following things:

  * Change the array `nums` such that the first `k` elements of `nums` contain the unique elements in the order they were present in `nums` initially. The remaining elements of `nums` are not important as well as the size of `nums`.
  * Return `k`.

**Custom Judge:**

The judge will test your solution with the following code:

> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> int[] nums = [...]; // Input array
> 
> int[] expectedNums = [...]; // The expected answer with correct length
> 
> 
> 
> int k = removeDuplicates(nums); // Calls your implementation
> 
> 
> 
> assert k == expectedNums.length;
> 
> for (int i = 0; i < k; i++) {
> 
> > 
> assert nums[i] == expectedNums[i];
> 
> }
> 
> 

If all assertions pass, then your solution will be **accepted**.



**Example 1:**

> Input: nums = [1,1,2]
> 
> Output: 2, nums = [1,2,_]
> 
> Explanation: Your function should return k = 2, with the first two elements of nums being 1 and 2 respectively.
> 
> It does not matter what you leave beyond the returned k (hence they are underscores).

**Example 2:**

> Input: nums = [0,0,1,1,1,2,2,3,3,4]
> 
> Output: 5, nums = [0,1,2,3,4,_,_,_,_,_]
> 
> Explanation: Your function should return k = 5, with the first five elements of nums being 0, 1, 2, 3, and 4 respectively.
> 
> It does not matter what you leave beyond the returned k (hence they are underscores).

**Constraints:**

  * `1 <= nums.length <= 3 * 104`
  * `-100 <= nums[i] <= 100`
  * `nums` is sorted in **non-decreasing** order.


## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目
- [27. 移除元素](./0027.md)
- [80. 删除有序数组中的重复项 II](./0080.md)
- [2460. 对数组执行操作](https://leetcode.com/problems/apply-operations-to-an-array)
- [2615. 等值距离和](https://leetcode.com/problems/sum-of-distances)

::::
