# [432. All O`one Data Structure](https://leetcode.com/problems/all-oone-data-structure)

## 题目

Design a data structure to store the strings' count with the ability to return
the strings with minimum and maximum counts.

Implement the `AllOne` class:

  * `AllOne()` Initializes the object of the data structure.
  * `inc(String key)` Increments the count of the string `key` by `1`. If `key` does not exist in the data structure, insert it with count `1`.
  * `dec(String key)` Decrements the count of the string `key` by `1`. If the count of `key` is `0` after the decrement, remove it from the data structure. It is guaranteed that `key` exists in the data structure before the decrement.
  * `getMaxKey()` Returns one of the keys with the maximal count. If no element exists, return an empty string `""`.
  * `getMinKey()` Returns one of the keys with the minimum count. If no element exists, return an empty string `""`.

**Note** that each function must run in `O(1)` average time complexity.



**Example 1:**

    
    
    **Input**
    ["AllOne", "inc", "inc", "getMaxKey", "getMinKey", "inc", "getMaxKey", "getMinKey"]
    [[], ["hello"], ["hello"], [], [], ["leet"], [], []]
    **Output**
    [null, null, null, "hello", "hello", null, "hello", "leet"]
    
    **Explanation**
    AllOne allOne = new AllOne();
    allOne.inc("hello");
    allOne.inc("hello");
    allOne.getMaxKey(); // return "hello"
    allOne.getMinKey(); // return "hello"
    allOne.inc("leet");
    allOne.getMaxKey(); // return "hello"
    allOne.getMinKey(); // return "leet"
    



**Constraints:**

  * `1 <= key.length <= 10`
  * `key` consists of lowercase English letters.
  * It is guaranteed that for each call to `dec`, `key` is existing in the data structure.
  * At most `5 * 104` calls will be made to `inc`, `dec`, `getMaxKey`, and `getMinKey`.


## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```
