# [715. Range Module](https://leetcode.com/problems/range-module/)

## 题目

A Range Module is a module that tracks ranges of numbers. Design a data
structure to track the ranges represented as **half-open intervals** and query
about them.

A **half-open interval** `[left, right)` denotes all the real numbers `x`
where `left <= x < right`.

Implement the `RangeModule` class:

- `RangeModule()` Initializes the object of the data structure.
- `void addRange(int left, int right)` Adds the **half-open interval** `[left, right)`, tracking every real number in that interval. Adding an interval that partially overlaps with currently tracked numbers should add any numbers in the interval `[left, right)` that are not already tracked.
- `boolean queryRange(int left, int right)` Returns `true` if every real number in the interval `[left, right)` is currently being tracked, and `false` otherwise.
- `void removeRange(int left, int right)` Stops tracking every real number currently being tracked in the **half-open interval** `[left, right)`.

**Example 1:**

> **Input**
>
> ["RangeModule", "addRange", "removeRange", "queryRange", "queryRange", "queryRange"]
>
> [[], [10, 20], [14, 16], [10, 14], [13, 15], [16, 17]]
>
> **Output**
>
> [null, null, null, true, false, true]
>
> **Explanation**
>
> RangeModule rangeModule = new RangeModule();
>
> rangeModule.addRange(10, 20);
>
> rangeModule.removeRange(14, 16);
>
> rangeModule.queryRange(10, 14); // return True,(Every number in [10, 14) is being tracked)
>
> rangeModule.queryRange(13, 15); // return False,(Numbers like 14, 14.03, 14.17 in [13, 15) are not being tracked)
>
> rangeModule.queryRange(16, 17); // return True, (The number 16 in [16, 17) is still being tracked, despite the remove operation)

**Constraints:**

- `1 <= left < right <= 10^9`
- At most `10^4` calls will be made to `addRange`, `queryRange`, and `removeRange`.

## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目

- [56. 合并区间](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-intervals)
- [57. 插入区间](https://leetcode.com/problems/insert-interval)
- [352. 将数据流变为多个不相交区间](https://leetcode.com/problems/data-stream-as-disjoint-intervals)

::::
