# [753. Cracking the Safe](https://leetcode.com/problems/cracking-the-safe/)

## 题目

There is a safe protected by a password. The password is a sequence of `n`
digits where each digit can be in the range `[0, k - 1]`.

The safe has a peculiar way of checking the password. When you enter in a
sequence, it checks the **most recent**`n` **digits** that were entered each
time you type a digit.

  * For example, the correct password is `"345"` and you enter in `"012345"`: 
> 
> * After typing `0`, the most recent `3` digits is `"0"`, which is incorrect.
> 
> * After typing `1`, the most recent `3` digits is `"01"`, which is incorrect.
> 
> * After typing `2`, the most recent `3` digits is `"012"`, which is incorrect.
> 
> * After typing `3`, the most recent `3` digits is `"123"`, which is incorrect.
> 
> * After typing `4`, the most recent `3` digits is `"234"`, which is incorrect.
> 
> * After typing `5`, the most recent `3` digits is `"345"`, which is correct and the safe unlocks.

Return _any string of **minimum length** that will unlock the safe **at some
point** of entering it_.



**Example 1:**

> Input: n = 1, k = 2
> 
> Output: "10"
> 
> Explanation: The password is a single digit, so enter each digit. "01" would also unlock the safe.

**Example 2:**

> Input: n = 2, k = 2
> 
> Output: "01100"
> 
> Explanation: For each possible password:
> - "00" is typed in starting from the 4th digit.
> - "01" is typed in starting from the 1st digit.
> - "10" is typed in starting from the 3rd digit.
> - "11" is typed in starting from the 2nd digit.
> 
> Thus "01100" will unlock the safe. "10011", and "11001" would also unlock the safe.

**Constraints:**

  * `1 <= n <= 4`
  * `1 <= k <= 10`
  * `1 <= kn <= 4096`


## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目

::::
