# [789. Escape The Ghosts](https://leetcode.com/problems/escape-the-ghosts)

## 题目

You are playing a simplified PAC-MAN game on an infinite 2-D grid. You start
at the point `[0, 0]`, and you are given a destination point `target =
[xtarget, ytarget]` that you are trying to get to. There are several ghosts on
the map with their starting positions given as a 2D array `ghosts`, where
`ghosts[i] = [xi, yi]` represents the starting position of the `ith` ghost.
All inputs are **integral coordinates**.

Each turn, you and all the ghosts may independently choose to either **move 1
unit** in any of the four cardinal directions: north, east, south, or west, or
**stay still**. All actions happen **simultaneously**.

You escape if and only if you can reach the target **before** any ghost
reaches you. If you reach any square (including the target) at the **same
time** as a ghost, it **does not** count as an escape.

Return `true` _if it is possible to escape regardless of how the ghosts move,
otherwise return_`false` _._



**Example 1:**

    
    
    **Input:** ghosts = [[1,0],[0,3]], target = [0,1]
    **Output:** true
    **Explanation:** You can reach the destination (0, 1) after 1 turn, while the ghosts located at (1, 0) and (0, 3) cannot catch up with you.
    

**Example 2:**

    
    
    **Input:** ghosts = [[1,0]], target = [2,0]
    **Output:** false
    **Explanation:** You need to reach the destination (2, 0), but the ghost at (1, 0) lies between you and the destination.
    

**Example 3:**

    
    
    **Input:** ghosts = [[2,0]], target = [1,0]
    **Output:** false
    **Explanation:** The ghost can reach the target at the same time as you.
    



**Constraints:**

  * `1 <= ghosts.length <= 100`
  * `ghosts[i].length == 2`
  * `-104 <= xi, yi <= 104`
  * There can be **multiple ghosts** in the same location.
  * `target.length == 2`
  * `-104 <= xtarget, ytarget <= 104`


## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

::: details 相关题目
:::
