# [1106. Parsing A Boolean Expression](https://leetcode.com/problems/parsing-a-boolean-expression)

## 题目

A **boolean expression** is an expression that evaluates to either `true` or
`false`. It can be in one of the following shapes:

  * `'t'` that evaluates to `true`.
  * `'f'` that evaluates to `false`.
  * `'!(subExpr)'` that evaluates to **the logical NOT** of the inner expression `subExpr`.
  * `'&(subExpr1, subExpr2, ..., subExprn)'` that evaluates to **the logical AND** of the inner expressions `subExpr1, subExpr2, ..., subExprn` where `n >= 1`.
  * `'|(subExpr1, subExpr2, ..., subExprn)'` that evaluates to **the logical OR** of the inner expressions `subExpr1, subExpr2, ..., subExprn` where `n >= 1`.

Given a string `expression` that represents a **boolean expression** , return
_the evaluation of that expression_.

It is **guaranteed** that the given expression is valid and follows the given
rules.



**Example 1:**

    
    
    **Input:** expression = "&(|(f))"
    **Output:** false
    **Explanation:** 
    First, evaluate |(f) --> f. The expression is now "&(f)".
    Then, evaluate &(f) --> f. The expression is now "f".
    Finally, return false.
    

**Example 2:**

    
    
    **Input:** expression = "|(f,f,f,t)"
    **Output:** true
    **Explanation:** The evaluation of (false OR false OR false OR true) is true.
    

**Example 3:**

    
    
    **Input:** expression = "!(&(f,t))"
    **Output:** true
    **Explanation:** 
    First, evaluate &(f,t) --> (false AND true) --> false --> f. The expression is now "!(f)".
    Then, evaluate !(f) --> NOT false --> true. We return true.
    



**Constraints:**

  * `1 <= expression.length <= 2 * 104`
  * expression[i] is one following characters: `'('`, `')'`, `'&'`, `'|'`, `'!'`, `'t'`, `'f'`, and `','`.


## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目

::::
