# [1177. Can Make Palindrome from Substring](https://leetcode.com/problems/can-make-palindrome-from-substring/)

## 题目

You are given a string `s` and array `queries` where `queries[i] = [lefti,
righti, ki]`. We may rearrange the substring `s[lefti...righti]` for each
query and then choose up to `ki` of them to replace with any lowercase English
letter.

If the substring is possible to be a palindrome string after the operations
above, the result of the query is `true`. Otherwise, the result is `false`.

Return a boolean array `answer` where `answer[i]` is the result of the `ith`
query `queries[i]`.

Note that each letter is counted individually for replacement, so if, for
example `s[lefti...righti] = "aaa"`, and `ki = 2`, we can only replace two of
the letters. Also, note that no query modifies the initial string `s`.



**Example :**

> Input: s = "abcda", queries = [[3,3,0],[1,2,0],[0,3,1],[0,3,2],[0,4,1]]
> 
> Output: [true,false,false,true,true]
> 
> Explanation:
> 
> queries[0]: substring = "d", is palidrome.
> 
> queries[1]: substring = "bc", is not palidrome.
> 
> queries[2]: substring = "abcd", is not palidrome after replacing only 1 character.
> 
> queries[3]: substring = "abcd", could be changed to "abba" which is palidrome. Also this can be changed to "baab" first rearrange it "bacd" then replace "cd" with "ab".
> 
> queries[4]: substring = "abcda", could be changed to "abcba" which is palidrome.

**Example 2:**

> Input: s = "lyb", queries = [[0,1,0],[2,2,1]]
> 
> Output: [false,true]

**Constraints:**

  * `1 <= s.length, queries.length <= 105`
  * `0 <= lefti <= righti < s.length`
  * `0 <= ki <= s.length`
  * `s` consists of lowercase English letters.


## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目
- [2055. 蜡烛之间的盘子](https://leetcode.com/problems/plates-between-candles)

::::
