# [1375. Number of Times Binary String Is Prefix-Aligned](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-times-binary-string-is-prefix-aligned)

## 题目

You have a **1-indexed** binary string of length `n` where all the bits are
`0` initially. We will flip all the bits of this binary string (i.e., change
them from `0` to `1`) one by one. You are given a **1-indexed** integer array
`flips` where `flips[i]` indicates that the bit at index `i` will be flipped
in the `ith` step.

A binary string is **prefix-aligned** if, after the `ith` step, all the bits
in the **inclusive** range `[1, i]` are ones and all the other bits are zeros.

Return _the number of times the binary string is **prefix-aligned** during the
flipping process_.



**Example 1:**

    
    
    **Input:** flips = [3,2,4,1,5]
    **Output:** 2
    **Explanation:** The binary string is initially "00000".
    After applying step 1: The string becomes "00100", which is not prefix-aligned.
    After applying step 2: The string becomes "01100", which is not prefix-aligned.
    After applying step 3: The string becomes "01110", which is not prefix-aligned.
    After applying step 4: The string becomes "11110", which is prefix-aligned.
    After applying step 5: The string becomes "11111", which is prefix-aligned.
    We can see that the string was prefix-aligned 2 times, so we return 2.
    

**Example 2:**

    
    
    **Input:** flips = [4,1,2,3]
    **Output:** 1
    **Explanation:** The binary string is initially "0000".
    After applying step 1: The string becomes "0001", which is not prefix-aligned.
    After applying step 2: The string becomes "1001", which is not prefix-aligned.
    After applying step 3: The string becomes "1101", which is not prefix-aligned.
    After applying step 4: The string becomes "1111", which is prefix-aligned.
    We can see that the string was prefix-aligned 1 time, so we return 1.
    



**Constraints:**

  * `n == flips.length`
  * `1 <= n <= 5 * 104`
  * `flips` is a permutation of the integers in the range `[1, n]`.


## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目
- [319. 灯泡开关](https://leetcode.com/problems/bulb-switcher)
- [672. 灯泡开关 Ⅱ](https://leetcode.com/problems/bulb-switcher-ii)

::::
