# [1403. Minimum Subsequence in Non-Increasing Order](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-subsequence-in-non-increasing-order/)

## 题目

Given the array `nums`, obtain a subsequence of the array whose sum of
elements is **strictly greater** than the sum of the non included elements in
such subsequence.

If there are multiple solutions, return the subsequence with **minimum size**
and if there still exist multiple solutions, return the subsequence with the
**maximum total sum** of all its elements. A subsequence of an array can be
obtained by erasing some (possibly zero) elements from the array.

Note that the solution with the given constraints is guaranteed to be
**unique**. Also return the answer sorted in **non-increasing** order.



**Example 1:**

> Input: nums = [4,3,10,9,8]
> 
> Output: [10,9] 
> 
> Explanation: The subsequences [10,9] and [10,8] are minimal such that the sum of their elements is strictly greater than the sum of elements not included. However, the subsequence [10,9] has the maximum total sum of its elements. 

**Example 2:**

> Input: nums = [4,4,7,6,7]
> 
> Output: [7,7,6] 
> 
> Explanation: The subsequence [7,7] has the sum of its elements equal to 14 which is not strictly greater than the sum of elements not included (14 = 4 + 4 + 6). Therefore, the subsequence [7,6,7] is the minimal satisfying the conditions. Note the subsequence has to be returned in non-decreasing order.  

**Constraints:**

  * `1 <= nums.length <= 500`
  * `1 <= nums[i] <= 100`


## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目
- [2210. 统计数组中峰和谷的数量](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-hills-and-valleys-in-an-array)

::::
