# [1406. Stone Game III](https://leetcode.com/problems/stone-game-iii/)

## 题目

Alice and Bob continue their games with piles of stones. There are several
stones **arranged in a row** , and each stone has an associated value which is
an integer given in the array `stoneValue`.

Alice and Bob take turns, with Alice starting first. On each player's turn,
that player can take `1`, `2`, or `3` stones from the **first** remaining
stones in the row.

The score of each player is the sum of the values of the stones taken. The
score of each player is `0` initially.

The objective of the game is to end with the highest score, and the winner is
the player with the highest score and there could be a tie. The game continues
until all the stones have been taken.

Assume Alice and Bob **play optimally**.

Return `"Alice"` _if Alice will win,_`"Bob"` _if Bob will win, or_`"Tie"` _if
they will end the game with the same score_.



**Example 1:**

> Input: stoneValue = [1,2,3,7]
> 
> Output: "Bob"
> 
> Explanation: Alice will always lose. Her best move will be to take three piles and the score become 6. Now the score of Bob is 7 and Bob wins.

**Example 2:**

> Input: stoneValue = [1,2,3,-9]
> 
> Output: "Alice"
> 
> Explanation: Alice must choose all the three piles at the first move to win and leave Bob with negative score.
> 
> If Alice chooses one pile her score will be 1 and the next move Bob's score becomes 5. In the next move, Alice will take the pile with value = -9 and lose.
> 
> If Alice chooses two piles her score will be 3 and the next move Bob's score becomes 3. In the next move, Alice will take the pile with value = -9 and also lose.
> 
> Remember that both play optimally so here Alice will choose the scenario that makes her win.

**Example 3:**

> Input: stoneValue = [1,2,3,6]
> 
> Output: "Tie"
> 
> Explanation: Alice cannot win this game. She can end the game in a draw if she decided to choose all the first three piles, otherwise she will lose.

**Constraints:**

  * `1 <= stoneValue.length <= 5 * 104`
  * `-1000 <= stoneValue[i] <= 1000`


## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目
- [1563. 石子游戏 V](https://leetcode.com/problems/stone-game-v)
- [1686. 石子游戏 VI](https://leetcode.com/problems/stone-game-vi)
- [1690. 石子游戏 VII](https://leetcode.com/problems/stone-game-vii)
- [1872. 石子游戏 VIII](https://leetcode.com/problems/stone-game-viii)
- [2029. 石子游戏 IX](https://leetcode.com/problems/stone-game-ix)

::::
