# [1776. Car Fleet II](https://leetcode.com/problems/car-fleet-ii)

## 题目

There are `n` cars traveling at different speeds in the same direction along a
one-lane road. You are given an array `cars` of length `n`, where `cars[i] =
[positioni, speedi]` represents:

  * `positioni` is the distance between the `ith` car and the beginning of the road in meters. It is guaranteed that `positioni < positioni+1`.
  * `speedi` is the initial speed of the `ith` car in meters per second.

For simplicity, cars can be considered as points moving along the number line.
Two cars collide when they occupy the same position. Once a car collides with
another car, they unite and form a single car fleet. The cars in the formed
fleet will have the same position and the same speed, which is the initial
speed of the **slowest** car in the fleet.

Return an array `answer`, where `answer[i]` is the time, in seconds, at which
the `ith` car collides with the next car, or `-1` if the car does not collide
with the next car. Answers within `10-5` of the actual answers are accepted.



**Example 1:**

    
    
    **Input:** cars = [[1,2],[2,1],[4,3],[7,2]]
    **Output:** [1.00000,-1.00000,3.00000,-1.00000]
    **Explanation:** After exactly one second, the first car will collide with the second car, and form a car fleet with speed 1 m/s. After exactly 3 seconds, the third car will collide with the fourth car, and form a car fleet with speed 2 m/s.
    

**Example 2:**

    
    
    **Input:** cars = [[3,4],[5,4],[6,3],[9,1]]
    **Output:** [2.00000,1.00000,1.50000,-1.00000]
    



**Constraints:**

  * `1 <= cars.length <= 105`
  * `1 <= positioni, speedi <= 106`
  * `positioni < positioni+1`


## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

::: details 相关题目
:::
