# [1807. Evaluate the Bracket Pairs of a String](https://leetcode.com/problems/evaluate-the-bracket-pairs-of-a-string/)

## 题目

You are given a string `s` that contains some bracket pairs, with each pair
containing a **non-empty** key.

  * For example, in the string `"(name)is(age)yearsold"`, there are **two** bracket pairs that contain the keys `"name"` and `"age"`.

You know the values of a wide range of keys. This is represented by a 2D
string array `knowledge` where each `knowledge[i] = [keyi, valuei]` indicates
that key `keyi` has a value of `valuei`.

You are tasked to evaluate **all** of the bracket pairs. When you evaluate a
bracket pair that contains some key `keyi`, you will:

  * Replace `keyi` and the bracket pair with the key's corresponding `valuei`.
  * If you do not know the value of the key, you will replace `keyi` and the bracket pair with a question mark `"?"` (without the quotation marks).

Each key will appear at most once in your `knowledge`. There will not be any
nested brackets in `s`.

Return _the resulting string after evaluating **all** of the bracket pairs._



**Example 1:**

> Input: s = "(name)is(age)yearsold", knowledge = [["name","bob"],["age","two"]]
> 
> Output: "bobistwoyearsold"
> 
> Explanation:
> 
> The key "name" has a value of "bob", so replace "(name)" with "bob".
> 
> The key "age" has a value of "two", so replace "(age)" with "two".

**Example 2:**

> Input: s = "hi(name)", knowledge = [["a","b"]]
> 
> Output: "hi?"
> 
> Explanation: As you do not know the value of the key "name", replace "(name)" with "?".

**Example 3:**

> Input: s = "(a)(a)(a)aaa", knowledge = [["a","yes"]]
> 
> Output: "yesyesyesaaa"
> 
> Explanation: The same key can appear multiple times.
> 
> The key "a" has a value of "yes", so replace all occurrences of "(a)" with "yes".
> 
> Notice that the "a"s not in a bracket pair are not evaluated.

**Constraints:**

  * `1 <= s.length <= 105`
  * `0 <= knowledge.length <= 105`
  * `knowledge[i].length == 2`
  * `1 <= keyi.length, valuei.length <= 10`
  * `s` consists of lowercase English letters and round brackets `'('` and `')'`.
  * Every open bracket `'('` in `s` will have a corresponding close bracket `')'`.
  * The key in each bracket pair of `s` will be non-empty.
  * There will not be any nested bracket pairs in `s`.
  * `keyi` and `valuei` consist of lowercase English letters.
  * Each `keyi` in `knowledge` is unique.


## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```


