# [1825. Finding MK Average](https://leetcode.com/problems/finding-mk-average/)

## 题目

You are given two integers, `m` and `k`, and a stream of integers. You are
tasked to implement a data structure that calculates the **MKAverage** for the
stream.

The **MKAverage** can be calculated using these steps:

  1. If the number of the elements in the stream is less than `m` you should consider the **MKAverage** to be `-1`. Otherwise, copy the last `m` elements of the stream to a separate container.
  2. Remove the smallest `k` elements and the largest `k` elements from the container.
  3. Calculate the average value for the rest of the elements **rounded down to the nearest integer**.

Implement the `MKAverage` class:

  * `MKAverage(int m, int k)` Initializes the **MKAverage** object with an empty stream and the two integers `m` and `k`.
  * `void addElement(int num)` Inserts a new element `num` into the stream.
  * `int calculateMKAverage()` Calculates and returns the **MKAverage** for the current stream **rounded down to the nearest integer**.



**Example 1:**

> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> **Input**
> 
> ["MKAverage", "addElement", "addElement", "calculateMKAverage", "addElement", "calculateMKAverage", "addElement", "addElement", "addElement", "calculateMKAverage"]
> 
> [[3, 1], [3], [1], [], [10], [], [5], [5], [5], []]
> 
> **Output**
> 
> [null, null, null, -1, null, 3, null, null, null, 5]
> 
> 
> 
> **Explanation**
> 
> MKAverage obj = new MKAverage(3, 1); 
> 
> obj.addElement(3);> 
> > 
> // current elements are [3]
> 
> obj.addElement(1);> 
> > 
> // current elements are [3,1]
> 
> obj.calculateMKAverage(); // return -1, because m = 3 and only 2 elements exist.
> 
> obj.addElement(10);> 
>    // current elements are [3,1,10]
> 
> obj.calculateMKAverage(); // The last 3 elements are [3,1,10].
> 
> > 
> > 
> > 
> > 
> > 
> > 
>   // After removing smallest and largest 1 element the container will be [3].
> 
> > 
> > 
> > 
> > 
> > 
> > 
>   // The average of [3] equals 3/1 = 3, return 3
> 
> obj.addElement(5);> 
> > 
> // current elements are [3,1,10,5]
> 
> obj.addElement(5);> 
> > 
> // current elements are [3,1,10,5,5]
> 
> obj.addElement(5);> 
> > 
> // current elements are [3,1,10,5,5,5]
> 
> obj.calculateMKAverage(); // The last 3 elements are [5,5,5].
> 
> > 
> > 
> > 
> > 
> > 
> > 
>   // After removing smallest and largest 1 element the container will be [5].
> 
> > 
> > 
> > 
> > 
> > 
> > 
>   // The average of [5] equals 5/1 = 5, return 5

**Constraints:**

  * `3 <= m <= 105`
  * `1 <= k*2 < m`
  * `1 <= num <= 105`
  * At most `105` calls will be made to `addElement` and `calculateMKAverage`.


## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目
- [295. 数据流的中位数](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-median-from-data-stream)
- [703. 数据流中的第 K 大元素](https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-largest-element-in-a-stream)
- [2102. 序列顺序查询](https://leetcode.com/problems/sequentially-ordinal-rank-tracker)

::::
