# [1860. Incremental Memory Leak](https://leetcode.com/problems/incremental-memory-leak)

## 题目

You are given two integers `memory1` and `memory2` representing the available
memory in bits on two memory sticks. There is currently a faulty program
running that consumes an increasing amount of memory every second.

At the `ith` second (starting from 1), `i` bits of memory are allocated to the
stick with **more available memory** (or from the first memory stick if both
have the same available memory). If neither stick has at least `i` bits of
available memory, the program **crashes**.

Return _an array containing_`[crashTime, memory1crash, memory2crash]` _,
where_`crashTime` _is the time (in seconds) when the program crashed
and_`memory1crash` _and_`memory2crash` _are the available bits of memory in
the first and second sticks respectively_.



**Example 1:**

    
    
    **Input:** memory1 = 2, memory2 = 2
    **Output:** [3,1,0]
    **Explanation:** The memory is allocated as follows:
    - At the 1st second, 1 bit of memory is allocated to stick 1. The first stick now has 1 bit of available memory.
    - At the 2nd second, 2 bits of memory are allocated to stick 2. The second stick now has 0 bits of available memory.
    - At the 3rd second, the program crashes. The sticks have 1 and 0 bits available respectively.
    

**Example 2:**

    
    
    **Input:** memory1 = 8, memory2 = 11
    **Output:** [6,0,4]
    **Explanation:** The memory is allocated as follows:
    - At the 1st second, 1 bit of memory is allocated to stick 2. The second stick now has 10 bit of available memory.
    - At the 2nd second, 2 bits of memory are allocated to stick 2. The second stick now has 8 bits of available memory.
    - At the 3rd second, 3 bits of memory are allocated to stick 1. The first stick now has 5 bits of available memory.
    - At the 4th second, 4 bits of memory are allocated to stick 2. The second stick now has 4 bits of available memory.
    - At the 5th second, 5 bits of memory are allocated to stick 1. The first stick now has 0 bits of available memory.
    - At the 6th second, the program crashes. The sticks have 0 and 4 bits available respectively.
    



**Constraints:**

  * `0 <= memory1, memory2 <= 231 - 1`


## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

::: details 相关题目
:::
