# [1969. Minimum Non-Zero Product of the Array Elements](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-non-zero-product-of-the-array-elements)

## 题目

You are given a positive integer `p`. Consider an array `nums` ( **1-indexed**
) that consists of the integers in the **inclusive** range `[1, 2p - 1]` in
their binary representations. You are allowed to do the following operation
**any** number of times:

  * Choose two elements `x` and `y` from `nums`.
  * Choose a bit in `x` and swap it with its corresponding bit in `y`. Corresponding bit refers to the bit that is in the **same position** in the other integer.

For example, if `x = 11 _0_ 1` and `y = 00 _1_ 1`, after swapping the `2nd`
bit from the right, we have `x = 11 _1_ 1` and `y = 00 _0_ 1`.

Find the **minimum non-zero** product of `nums` after performing the above
operation **any** number of times. Return _this product_ _**modulo** _`109 +
7`.

**Note:** The answer should be the minimum product **before** the modulo
operation is done.



**Example 1:**

    
    
    **Input:** p = 1
    **Output:** 1
    **Explanation:** nums = [1].
    There is only one element, so the product equals that element.
    

**Example 2:**

    
    
    **Input:** p = 2
    **Output:** 6
    **Explanation:** nums = [01, 10, 11].
    Any swap would either make the product 0 or stay the same.
    Thus, the array product of 1 * 2 * 3 = 6 is already minimized.
    

**Example 3:**

    
    
    **Input:** p = 3
    **Output:** 1512
    **Explanation:** nums = [001, 010, 011, 100, 101, 110, 111]
    - In the first operation we can swap the leftmost bit of the second and fifth elements.
        - The resulting array is [001, _1_ 10, 011, 100, _0_ 01, 110, 111].
    - In the second operation we can swap the middle bit of the third and fourth elements.
        - The resulting array is [001, 110, 0 _0_ 1, 1 _1_ 0, 001, 110, 111].
    The array product is 1 * 6 * 1 * 6 * 1 * 6 * 7 = 1512, which is the minimum possible product.
    



**Constraints:**

  * `1 <= p <= 60`


## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

::: details 相关题目
:::
