# [1994. The Number of Good Subsets](https://leetcode.com/problems/the-number-of-good-subsets/)

## 题目

You are given an integer array `nums`. We call a subset of `nums` **good** if
its product can be represented as a product of one or more **distinct prime**
numbers.

  * For example, if `nums = [1, 2, 3, 4]`: 
> 
> * `[2, 3]`, `[1, 2, 3]`, and `[1, 3]` are **good** subsets with products `6 = 2*3`, `6 = 2*3`, and `3 = 3` respectively.
> 
> * `[1, 4]` and `[4]` are not **good** subsets with products `4 = 2*2` and `4 = 2*2` respectively.

Return _the number of different **good** subsets in _`nums` _**modulo** _`109
+ 7`.

A **subset** of `nums` is any array that can be obtained by deleting some
(possibly none or all) elements from `nums`. Two subsets are different if and
only if the chosen indices to delete are different.



**Example 1:**

> Input: nums = [1,2,3,4]
> 
> Output: 6
> 
> Explanation: The good subsets are:
> - [1,2]: product is 2, which is the product of distinct prime 2.
> - [1,2,3]: product is 6, which is the product of distinct primes 2 and 3.
> - [1,3]: product is 3, which is the product of distinct prime 3.
> - [2]: product is 2, which is the product of distinct prime 2.
> - [2,3]: product is 6, which is the product of distinct primes 2 and 3.
> - [3]: product is 3, which is the product of distinct prime 3.

**Example 2:**

> Input: nums = [4,2,3,15]
> 
> Output: 5
> 
> Explanation: The good subsets are:
> - [2]: product is 2, which is the product of distinct prime 2.
> - [2,3]: product is 6, which is the product of distinct primes 2 and 3.
> - [2,15]: product is 30, which is the product of distinct primes 2, 3, and 5.
> - [3]: product is 3, which is the product of distinct prime 3.
> - [15]: product is 15, which is the product of distinct primes 3 and 5.

**Constraints:**

  * `1 <= nums.length <= 105`
  * `1 <= nums[i] <= 30`


## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目
- [1125. 最小的必要团队](https://leetcode.com/problems/smallest-sufficient-team)
- [2305. 公平分发饼干](https://leetcode.com/problems/fair-distribution-of-cookies)
- [1434. 每个人戴不同帽子的方案数](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-ways-to-wear-different-hats-to-each-other)

::::
