# [2008. Maximum Earnings From Taxi](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-earnings-from-taxi/)

## 题目

There are `n` points on a road you are driving your taxi on. The `n` points on
the road are labeled from `1` to `n` in the direction you are going, and you
want to drive from point `1` to point `n` to make money by picking up
passengers. You cannot change the direction of the taxi.

The passengers are represented by a **0-indexed** 2D integer array `rides`,
where `rides[i] = [starti, endi, tipi]` denotes the `ith` passenger requesting
a ride from point `starti` to point `endi` who is willing to give a `tipi`
dollar tip.

For **each** passenger `i` you pick up, you **earn** `endi - starti + tipi`
dollars. You may only drive **at most one** passenger at a time.

Given `n` and `rides`, return _the **maximum** number of dollars you can earn
by picking up the passengers optimally._

**Note:** You may drop off a passenger and pick up a different passenger at
the same point.

**Example 1:**

> Input: n = 5, rides = [ _[2,5,4]_ ,[1,5,1]]
>
> Output: 7
>
> Explanation: We can pick up passenger 0 to earn 5 - 2 + 4 = 7 dollars.

**Example 2:**

> Input: n = 20, rides = [[1,6,1], _[3,10,2]_ , _[10,12,3]_ ,[11,12,2],[12,15,2], _[13,18,1]_ ]
>
> Output: 20
>
> Explanation: We will pick up the following passengers:
>
> - Drive passenger 1 from point 3 to point 10 for a profit of 10 - 3 + 2 = 9 dollars.
> - Drive passenger 2 from point 10 to point 12 for a profit of 12 - 10 + 3 = 5 dollars.
> - Drive passenger 5 from point 13 to point 18 for a profit of 18 - 13 + 1 = 6 dollars.
>
> We earn 9 + 5 + 6 = 20 dollars in total.

**Constraints:**

- `1 <= n <= 10^5`
- `1 <= rides.length <= 3 * 10^4`
- `rides[i].length == 3`
- `1 <= starti < endi <= n`
- `1 <= tipi <= 10^5`

## 题目大意

## 解题思路

#### 复杂度分析

- **时间复杂度**：`O()`
- **空间复杂度**：`O()`

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目

- [1235. 规划兼职工作](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-profit-in-job-scheduling)
- [1353. 最多可以参加的会议数目](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-number-of-events-that-can-be-attended)
- [1751. 最多可以参加的会议数目 II](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-number-of-events-that-can-be-attended-ii)

::::
