# [2024. Maximize the Confusion of an Exam](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximize-the-confusion-of-an-exam/)

## é¢˜ç›®

A teacher is writing a test with `n` true/false questions, with `'T'` denoting
true and `'F'` denoting false. He wants to confuse the students by
**maximizing** the number of **consecutive** questions with the **same**
answer (multiple trues or multiple falses in a row).

You are given a string `answerKey`, where `answerKey[i]` is the original
answer to the `ith` question. In addition, you are given an integer `k`, the
maximum number of times you may perform the following operation:

- Change the answer key for any question to `'T'` or `'F'` (i.e., set `answerKey[i]` to `'T'` or `'F'`).

Return _the **maximum** number of consecutive_ `'T'`s or `'F'`s _in the answer
key after performing the operation at most_ `k` _times_.

**Example 1:**

> Input: answerKey = "TTFF", k = 2
>
> Output: 4
>
> Explanation: We can replace both the 'F's with 'T's to make answerKey = " _TTTT_ ".
>
> There are four consecutive 'T's.

**Example 2:**

> Input: answerKey = "TFFT", k = 1
>
> Output: 3
>
> Explanation: We can replace the first 'T' with an 'F' to make answerKey = " _FFF_ T".
>
> Alternatively, we can replace the second 'T' with an 'F' to make answerKey = "T _FFF_ ".
>
> In both cases, there are three consecutive 'F's.

**Example 3:**

> Input: answerKey = "TTFTTFTT", k = 1
>
> Output: 5
>
> Explanation: We can replace the first 'F' to make answerKey = " _TTTTT_ FTT"
>
> Alternatively, we can replace the second 'F' to make answerKey = "TTF _TTTTT_ ".
>
> In both cases, there are five consecutive 'T's.

**Constraints:**

- `n == answerKey.length`
- `1 <= n <= 5 * 10^4`
- `answerKey[i]` is either `'T'` or `'F'`
- `1 <= k <= n`

## é¢˜ç›®å¤§æ„

## è§£é¢˜æ€è·¯

## ä»£ç 

```javascript

```

## ç›¸å…³é¢˜ç›®

:::: md-demo ç›¸å…³é¢˜ç›®

- [ðŸ”’ Longest Substring with At Most K Distinct Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-with-at-most-k-distinct-characters)
- [424. æ›¿æ¢åŽçš„æœ€é•¿é‡å¤å­—ç¬¦](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-repeating-character-replacement)
- [1004. æœ€å¤§è¿žç»­ 1 çš„ä¸ªæ•° III](https://leetcode.com/problems/max-consecutive-ones-iii)
- [1482. åˆ¶ä½œ m æŸèŠ±æ‰€éœ€çš„æœ€å°‘å¤©æ•°](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-number-of-days-to-make-m-bouquets)
- [2401. æœ€é•¿ä¼˜é›…å­æ•°ç»„](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-nice-subarray)

::::
