# [2047. Number of Valid Words in a Sentence](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-valid-words-in-a-sentence)

## 题目

A sentence consists of lowercase letters (`'a'` to `'z'`), digits (`'0'` to
`'9'`), hyphens (`'-'`), punctuation marks (`'!'`, `'.'`, and `','`), and
spaces (`' '`) only. Each sentence can be broken down into **one or more
tokens** separated by one or more spaces `' '`.

A token is a valid word if **all three** of the following are true:

  * It only contains lowercase letters, hyphens, and/or punctuation ( **no** digits).
  * There is **at most one** hyphen `'-'`. If present, it **must** be surrounded by lowercase characters (`"a-b"` is valid, but `"-ab"` and `"ab-"` are not valid).
  * There is **at most one** punctuation mark. If present, it **must** be at the **end** of the token (`"ab,"`, `"cd!"`, and `"."` are valid, but `"a!b"` and `"c.,"` are not valid).

Examples of valid words include `"a-b."`, `"afad"`, `"ba-c"`, `"a!"`, and
`"!"`.

Given a string `sentence`, return _the **number** of valid words in
_`sentence`.



**Example 1:**

    
    
    **Input:** sentence = " _cat_ _and_  _dog_ "
    **Output:** 3
    **Explanation:** The valid words in the sentence are "cat", "and", and "dog".
    

**Example 2:**

    
    
    **Input:** sentence = "!this  1-s b8d!"
    **Output:** 0
    **Explanation:** There are no valid words in the sentence.
    "!this" is invalid because it starts with a punctuation mark.
    "1-s" and "b8d" are invalid because they contain digits.
    

**Example 3:**

    
    
    **Input:** sentence = " _alice_ _and_  _bob_ _are_ _playing_ stone-game10"
    **Output:** 5
    **Explanation:** The valid words in the sentence are "alice", "and", "bob", "are", and "playing".
    "stone-game10" is invalid because it contains digits.
    



**Constraints:**

  * `1 <= sentence.length <= 1000`
  * `sentence` only contains lowercase English letters, digits, `' '`, `'-'`, `'!'`, `'.'`, and `','`.
  * There will be at least `1` token.


## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目
- [2114. 句子中的最多单词数](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-number-of-words-found-in-sentences)

::::
