# [2070. Most Beautiful Item for Each Query](https://leetcode.com/problems/most-beautiful-item-for-each-query/)

## 题目

You are given a 2D integer array `items` where `items[i] = [pricei, beautyi]`
denotes the **price** and **beauty** of an item respectively.

You are also given a **0-indexed** integer array `queries`. For each
`queries[j]`, you want to determine the **maximum beauty** of an item whose
**price** is **less than or equal** to `queries[j]`. If no such item exists,
then the answer to this query is `0`.

Return _an array_`answer` _of the same length as_`queries` _where_`answer[j]`
_is the answer to the_`jth` _query_.



**Example 1:**

> Input: items = [[1,2],[3,2],[2,4],[5,6],[3,5]], queries = [1,2,3,4,5,6]
> 
> Output: [2,4,5,5,6,6]
> 
> Explanation:
> - For queries[0]=1, [1,2] is the only item which has price <= 1. Hence, the answer for this query is 2.
> - For queries[1]=2, the items which can be considered are [1,2] and [2,4]. 
> 
>   The maximum beauty among them is 4.
> - For queries[2]=3 and queries[3]=4, the items which can be considered are [1,2], [3,2], [2,4], and [3,5].
> 
>   The maximum beauty among them is 5.
> - For queries[4]=5 and queries[5]=6, all items can be considered.
> 
>   Hence, the answer for them is the maximum beauty of all items, i.e., 6.

**Example 2:**

> Input: items = [[1,2],[1,2],[1,3],[1,4]], queries = [1]
> 
> Output: [4]
> 
> Explanation: 
> 
> The price of every item is equal to 1, so we choose the item with the maximum beauty 4. 
> 
> Note that multiple items can have the same price and/or beauty.  

**Example 3:**

> Input: items = [[10,1000]], queries = [5]
> 
> Output: [0]
> 
> Explanation:
> 
> No item has a price less than or equal to 5, so no item can be chosen.
> 
> Hence, the answer to the query is 0.

**Constraints:**

  * `1 <= items.length, queries.length <= 105`
  * `items[i].length == 2`
  * `1 <= pricei, beautyi, queries[j] <= 109`


## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目
- [1847. 最近的房间](https://leetcode.com/problems/closest-room)
- [2640. 一个数组所有前缀的分数](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-score-of-all-prefixes-of-an-array)
- [2736. 最大和查询](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-sum-queries)

::::
