# [2071. Maximum Number of Tasks You Can Assign](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-number-of-tasks-you-can-assign/)

## 题目

You have `n` tasks and `m` workers. Each task has a strength requirement
stored in a **0-indexed** integer array `tasks`, with the `ith` task requiring
`tasks[i]` strength to complete. The strength of each worker is stored in a
**0-indexed** integer array `workers`, with the `jth` worker having
`workers[j]` strength. Each worker can only be assigned to a **single** task
and must have a strength **greater than or equal** to the task's strength
requirement (i.e., `workers[j] >= tasks[i]`).

Additionally, you have `pills` magical pills that will **increase a worker 's
strength** by `strength`. You can decide which workers receive the magical
pills, however, you may only give each worker **at most one** magical pill.

Given the **0-indexed** integer arrays `tasks` and `workers` and the integers
`pills` and `strength`, return _the **maximum** number of tasks that can be
completed._

**Example 1:**

> Input: tasks = [ _ **3**_ , _ **2**_ , _ **1**_ ], workers = [ _ **0**_ , _ **3**_ , _ **3**_ ], pills = 1, strength = 1
>
> Output: 3
>
> Explanation:
>
> We can assign the magical pill and tasks as follows:
>
> - Give the magical pill to worker 0.
> - Assign worker 0 to task 2 (0 + 1 >= 1)
> - Assign worker 1 to task 1 (3 >= 2)
> - Assign worker 2 to task 0 (3 >= 3)

**Example 2:**

> Input: tasks = [ _ **5**_ ,4], workers = [ _ **0**_ ,0,0], pills = 1, strength = 5
>
> Output: 1
>
> Explanation:
>
> We can assign the magical pill and tasks as follows:
>
> - Give the magical pill to worker 0.
> - Assign worker 0 to task 0 (0 + 5 >= 5)

**Example 3:**

> Input: tasks = [ _ **10**_ , _ **15**_ ,30], workers = [ _ **0**_ , _ **10**_ ,10,10,10], pills = 3, strength = 10
>
> Output: 2
>
> Explanation:
>
> We can assign the magical pills and tasks as follows:
>
> - Give the magical pill to worker 0 and worker 1.
> - Assign worker 0 to task 0 (0 + 10 >= 10)
> - Assign worker 1 to task 1 (10 + 10 >= 15)
>
> The last pill is not given because it will not make any worker strong enough for the last task.

**Constraints:**

- `n == tasks.length`
- `m == workers.length`
- `1 <= n, m <= 5 * 10^4`
- `0 <= pills <= m`
- `0 <= tasks[i], workers[j], strength <= 10^9`

## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目

- [826. 安排工作以达到最大收益](https://leetcode.com/problems/most-profit-assigning-work)
- [2141. 同时运行 N 台电脑的最长时间](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-running-time-of-n-computers)
- [2398. 预算内的最多机器人数目](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-number-of-robots-within-budget)
- [2410. 运动员和训练师的最大匹配数](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-matching-of-players-with-trainers)
- [2528. 最大化城市的最小供电站数目](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximize-the-minimum-powered-city)

::::
