# [2076. Process Restricted Friend Requests](https://leetcode.com/problems/process-restricted-friend-requests)

## é¢˜ç›®

You are given an integer `n` indicating the number of people in a network.
Each person is labeled from `0` to `n - 1`.

You are also given a **0-indexed** 2D integer array `restrictions`, where
`restrictions[i] = [xi, yi]` means that person `xi` and person `yi` **cannot**
become **friends** , **** either **directly** or **indirectly** through other
people.

Initially, no one is friends with each other. You are given a list of friend
requests as a **0-indexed** 2D integer array `requests`, where `requests[j] =
[uj, vj]` is a friend request between person `uj` and person `vj`.

A friend request is **successful** if `uj` and `vj` can be **friends**. Each
friend request is processed in the given order (i.e., `requests[j]` occurs
before `requests[j + 1]`), and upon a successful request, `uj` and `vj`
**become direct friends** for all future friend requests.

Return _a **boolean array** _`result`, _where each_`result[j]` _is_`true` _if
the_`jth` _friend request is **successful** or _`false` _if it is not_.

**Note:** If `uj` and `vj` are already direct friends, the request is still
**successful**.



**Example 1:**

> Input: n = 3, restrictions = [[0,1]], requests = [[0,2],[2,1]]
> 
> Output: [true,false]
> 
> Explanation: Request 0: Person 0 and person 2 can be friends, so they become direct friends. 
> 
> Request 1: Person 2 and person 1 cannot be friends since person 0 and person 1 would be indirect friends (1--2--0).

**Example 2:**

> Input: n = 3, restrictions = [[0,1]], requests = [[1,2],[0,2]]
> 
> Output: [true,false]
> 
> Explanation: Request 0: Person 1 and person 2 can be friends, so they become direct friends.
> 
> Request 1: Person 0 and person 2 cannot be friends since person 0 and person 1 would be indirect friends (0--2--1).

**Example 3:**

> Input: n = 5, restrictions = [[0,1],[1,2],[2,3]], requests = [[0,4],[1,2],[3,1],[3,4]]
> 
> Output: [true,false,true,false]
> 
> Explanation: Request 0: Person 0 and person 4 can be friends, so they become direct friends.
> 
> Request 1: Person 1 and person 2 cannot be friends since they are directly restricted.
> 
> Request 2: Person 3 and person 1 can be friends, so they become direct friends.
> 
> Request 3: Person 3 and person 4 cannot be friends since person 0 and person 1 would be indirect friends (0--4--3--1).

**Constraints:**

  * `2 <= n <= 1000`
  * `0 <= restrictions.length <= 1000`
  * `restrictions[i].length == 2`
  * `0 <= xi, yi <= n - 1`
  * `xi != yi`
  * `1 <= requests.length <= 1000`
  * `requests[j].length == 2`
  * `0 <= uj, vj <= n - 1`
  * `uj != vj`


## é¢˜ç›®å¤§æ„

## è§£é¢˜æ€è·¯

## ä»£ç 

```javascript

```

## ç›¸å…³é¢˜ç›®

:::: md-demo ç›¸å…³é¢˜ç›®
- [ðŸ”’ Number of Islands II](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-islands-ii)
- [1202. äº¤æ¢å­—ç¬¦ä¸²ä¸­çš„å…ƒç´ ](https://leetcode.com/problems/smallest-string-with-swaps)
- [2127. å‚åŠ ä¼šè®®çš„æœ€å¤šå‘˜å·¥æ•°](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-employees-to-be-invited-to-a-meeting)

::::
