# [2091. Removing Minimum and Maximum From Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/removing-minimum-and-maximum-from-array/)

## 题目

You are given a **0-indexed** array of **distinct** integers `nums`.

There is an element in `nums` that has the **lowest** value and an element
that has the **highest** value. We call them the **minimum** and **maximum**
respectively. Your goal is to remove **both** these elements from the array.

A **deletion** is defined as either removing an element from the **front** of
the array or removing an element from the **back** of the array.

Return _the **minimum** number of deletions it would take to remove **both**
the minimum and maximum element from the array._



**Example 1:**

> Input: nums = [2, _ **10**_ ,7,5,4, _ **1**_ ,8,6]
> 
> Output: 5
> 
> Explanation: 
> 
> The minimum element in the array is nums[5], which is 1.
> 
> The maximum element in the array is nums[1], which is 10.
> 
> We can remove both the minimum and maximum by removing 2 elements from the front and 3 elements from the back.
> 
> This results in 2 + 3 = 5 deletions, which is the minimum number possible.

**Example 2:**

> Input: nums = [0, _ **-4**_ , _ **19**_ ,1,8,-2,-3,5]
> 
> Output: 3
> 
> Explanation: 
> 
> The minimum element in the array is nums[1], which is -4.
> 
> The maximum element in the array is nums[2], which is 19.
> 
> We can remove both the minimum and maximum by removing 3 elements from the front.
> 
> This results in only 3 deletions, which is the minimum number possible.

**Example 3:**

> Input: nums = [ _ **101**_ ]
> 
> Output: 1
> 
> Explanation:  
> 
> There is only one element in the array, which makes it both the minimum and maximum element.
> 
> We can remove it with 1 deletion.

**Constraints:**

  * `1 <= nums.length <= 105`
  * `-105 <= nums[i] <= 105`
  * The integers in `nums` are **distinct**.


## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目
- [1423. 可获得的最大点数](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-points-you-can-obtain-from-cards)
- [1647. 字符频次唯一的最小删除次数](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-deletions-to-make-character-frequencies-unique)

::::
