# [2114. Maximum Number of Words Found in Sentences](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-number-of-words-found-in-sentences)

## 题目

A **sentence** is a list of **words** that are separated by a single space
with no leading or trailing spaces.

You are given an array of strings `sentences`, where each `sentences[i]`
represents a single **sentence**.

Return _the **maximum number of words** that appear in a single sentence_.



**Example 1:**

    
    
    **Input:** sentences = ["alice and bob love leetcode", "i think so too", _" this is great thanks very much"_]
    **Output:** 6
    **Explanation:** 
    - The first sentence, "alice and bob love leetcode", has 5 words in total.
    - The second sentence, "i think so too", has 4 words in total.
    - The third sentence, "this is great thanks very much", has 6 words in total.
    Thus, the maximum number of words in a single sentence comes from the third sentence, which has 6 words.
    

**Example 2:**

    
    
    **Input:** sentences = ["please wait", _" continue to fight"_, _" continue to win"_]
    **Output:** 3
    **Explanation:** It is possible that multiple sentences contain the same number of words. 
    In this example, the second and third sentences (underlined) have the same number of words.
    



**Constraints:**

  * `1 <= sentences.length <= 100`
  * `1 <= sentences[i].length <= 100`
  * `sentences[i]` consists only of lowercase English letters and `' '` only.
  * `sentences[i]` does not have leading or trailing spaces.
  * All the words in `sentences[i]` are separated by a single space.


## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目
- [2047. 句子中的有效单词数](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-valid-words-in-a-sentence)

::::
