# [2135. Count Words Obtained After Adding a Letter](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-words-obtained-after-adding-a-letter)

## é¢˜ç›®

You are given two **0-indexed** arrays of strings `startWords` and
`targetWords`. Each string consists of **lowercase English letters** only.

For each string in `targetWords`, check if it is possible to choose a string
from `startWords` and perform a **conversion operation** on it to be equal to
that from `targetWords`.

The **conversion operation** is described in the following two steps:

  1. **Append** any lowercase letter that is **not present** in the string to its end. 
    * For example, if the string is `"abc"`, the letters `'d'`, `'e'`, or `'y'` can be added to it, but not `'a'`. If `'d'` is added, the resulting string will be `"abcd"`.
  2. **Rearrange** the letters of the new string in **any** arbitrary order. 
    * For example, `"abcd"` can be rearranged to `"acbd"`, `"bacd"`, `"cbda"`, and so on. Note that it can also be rearranged to `"abcd"` itself.

Return _the **number of strings** in _`targetWords` _that can be obtained by
performing the operations on **any** string of _`startWords`.

**Note** that you will only be verifying if the string in `targetWords` can be
obtained from a string in `startWords` by performing the operations. The
strings in `startWords` **do not** actually change during this process.



**Example 1:**

    
    
    **Input:** startWords = ["ant","act","tack"], targetWords = ["tack","act","acti"]
    **Output:** 2
    **Explanation:**
    - In order to form targetWords[0] = "tack", we use startWords[1] = "act", append 'k' to it, and rearrange "actk" to "tack".
    - There is no string in startWords that can be used to obtain targetWords[1] = "act".
      Note that "act" does exist in startWords, but we **must** append one letter to the string before rearranging it.
    - In order to form targetWords[2] = "acti", we use startWords[1] = "act", append 'i' to it, and rearrange "acti" to "acti" itself.
    

**Example 2:**

    
    
    **Input:** startWords = ["ab","a"], targetWords = ["abc","abcd"]
    **Output:** 1
    **Explanation:**
    - In order to form targetWords[0] = "abc", we use startWords[0] = "ab", add 'c' to it, and rearrange it to "abc".
    - There is no string in startWords that can be used to obtain targetWords[1] = "abcd".
    



**Constraints:**

  * `1 <= startWords.length, targetWords.length <= 5 * 104`
  * `1 <= startWords[i].length, targetWords[j].length <= 26`
  * Each string of `startWords` and `targetWords` consists of lowercase English letters only.
  * No letter occurs more than once in any string of `startWords` or `targetWords`.


## é¢˜ç›®å¤§æ„

## è§£é¢˜æ€è·¯

## ä»£ç 

```javascript

```

## ç›¸å…³é¢˜ç›®

:::: md-demo ç›¸å…³é¢˜ç›®
- [ðŸ”’ Strings Differ by One Character](https://leetcode.com/problems/strings-differ-by-one-character)
- [1638. ç»Ÿè®¡åªå·®ä¸€ä¸ªå­—ç¬¦çš„å­ä¸²æ•°ç›®](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-substrings-that-differ-by-one-character)
- [1717. åˆ é™¤å­å­—ç¬¦ä¸²çš„æœ€å¤§å¾—åˆ†](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-score-from-removing-substrings)

::::
