# [2156. Find Substring With Given Hash Value](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-substring-with-given-hash-value)

## 题目

The hash of a **0-indexed** string `s` of length `k`, given integers `p` and
`m`, is computed using the following function:

  * `hash(s, p, m) = (val(s[0]) * p0 + val(s[1]) * p1 + ... + val(s[k-1]) * pk-1) mod m`.

Where `val(s[i])` represents the index of `s[i]` in the alphabet from
`val('a') = 1` to `val('z') = 26`.

You are given a string `s` and the integers `power`, `modulo`, `k`, and
`hashValue.` Return `sub`, _the **first** **substring** of _`s` _of length_`k`
_such that_`hash(sub, power, modulo) == hashValue`.

The test cases will be generated such that an answer always **exists**.

A **substring** is a contiguous non-empty sequence of characters within a
string.



**Example 1:**

> Input: s = "leetcode", power = 7, modulo = 20, k = 2, hashValue = 0
> 
> Output: "ee"
> 
> Explanation: The hash of "ee" can be computed to be hash("ee", 7, 20) = (5 * 1 + 5 * 7) mod 20 = 40 mod 20 = 0. 
> 
> "ee" is the first substring of length 2 with hashValue 0. Hence, we return "ee".

**Example 2:**

> Input: s = "fbxzaad", power = 31, modulo = 100, k = 3, hashValue = 32
> 
> Output: "fbx"
> 
> Explanation: The hash of "fbx" can be computed to be hash("fbx", 31, 100) = (6 * 1 + 2 * 31 + 24 * 312) mod 100 = 23132 mod 100 = 32. 
> 
> The hash of "bxz" can be computed to be hash("bxz", 31, 100) = (2 * 1 + 24 * 31 + 26 * 312) mod 100 = 25732 mod 100 = 32. 
> 
> "fbx" is the first substring of length 3 with hashValue 32. Hence, we return "fbx".
> 
> Note that "bxz" also has a hash of 32 but it appears later than "fbx".

**Constraints:**

  * `1 <= k <= s.length <= 2 * 104`
  * `1 <= power, modulo <= 109`
  * `0 <= hashValue < modulo`
  * `s` consists of lowercase English letters only.
  * The test cases are generated such that an answer always **exists**.


## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目
- [1316. 不同的循环子字符串](https://leetcode.com/problems/distinct-echo-substrings)

::::
