# [2163. Minimum Difference in Sums After Removal of Elements](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-difference-in-sums-after-removal-of-elements/)

## 题目

You are given a **0-indexed** integer array `nums` consisting of `3 * n`
elements.

You are allowed to remove any **subsequence** of elements of size **exactly**
`n` from `nums`. The remaining `2 * n` elements will be divided into two
**equal** parts:

- The first `n` elements belonging to the first part and their sum is `sumfirst`.
- The next `n` elements belonging to the second part and their sum is `sumsecond`.

The **difference in sums** of the two parts is denoted as `sumfirst -
sumsecond`.

- For example, if `sumfirst = 3` and `sumsecond = 2`, their difference is `1`.
- Similarly, if `sumfirst = 2` and `sumsecond = 3`, their difference is `-1`.

Return _the **minimum difference** possible between the sums of the two parts
after the removal of _`n` _elements_.

**Example 1:**

> Input: nums = [3,1,2]
>
> Output: -1
>
> Explanation: Here, nums has 3 elements, so n = 1.
>
> Thus we have to remove 1 element from nums and divide the array into two equal parts.
>
> - If we remove nums[0] = 3, the array will be [1,2]. The difference in sums of the two parts will be 1 - 2 = -1.
> - If we remove nums[1] = 1, the array will be [3,2]. The difference in sums of the two parts will be 3 - 2 = 1.
> - If we remove nums[2] = 2, the array will be [3,1]. The difference in sums of the two parts will be 3 - 1 = 2.
>
> The minimum difference between sums of the two parts is min(-1,1,2) = -1.

**Example 2:**

> Input: nums = [7,9,5,8,1,3]
>
> Output: 1
>
> Explanation: Here n = 2. So we must remove 2 elements and divide the remaining array into two parts containing two elements each.
>
> If we remove nums[2] = 5 and nums[3] = 8, the resultant array will be [7,9,1,3]. The difference in sums will be (7+9) - (1+3) = 12.
>
> To obtain the minimum difference, we should remove nums[1] = 9 and nums[4] = 1. The resultant array becomes [7,5,8,3]. The difference in sums of the two parts is (7+5) - (8+3) = 1.
>
> It can be shown that it is not possible to obtain a difference smaller than 1.

**Constraints:**

- `nums.length == 3 * n`
- `1 <= n <= 10^5`
- `1 <= nums[i] <= 10^5`

## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目

- [238. 除自身以外数组的乘积](./0238.md)
- [2099. 找到和最大的长度为 K 的子序列](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-subsequence-of-length-k-with-the-largest-sum)

::::
