# [2207. Maximize Number of Subsequences in a String](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximize-number-of-subsequences-in-a-string)

## 题目

You are given a **0-indexed** string `text` and another **0-indexed** string
`pattern` of length `2`, both of which consist of only lowercase English
letters.

You can add **either** `pattern[0]` **or** `pattern[1]` anywhere in `text`
**exactly once**. Note that the character can be added even at the beginning
or at the end of `text`.

Return _the **maximum** number of times_ `pattern` _can occur as a
**subsequence** of the modified _`text`.

A **subsequence** is a string that can be derived from another string by
deleting some or no characters without changing the order of the remaining
characters.



**Example 1:**

    
    
    **Input:** text = "abdcdbc", pattern = "ac"
    **Output:** 4
    **Explanation:**
    If we add pattern[0] = 'a' in between text[1] and text[2], we get "ab _ **a**_ dcdbc". Now, the number of times "ac" occurs as a subsequence is 4.
    Some other strings which have 4 subsequences "ac" after adding a character to text are " _ **a**_ abdcdbc" and "abd _ **a**_ cdbc".
    However, strings such as "abdc _ **a**_ dbc", "abd _ **c**_ cdbc", and "abdcdbc _ **c**_ ", although obtainable, have only 3 subsequences "ac" and are thus suboptimal.
    It can be shown that it is not possible to get more than 4 subsequences "ac" by adding only one character.
    

**Example 2:**

    
    
    **Input:** text = "aabb", pattern = "ab"
    **Output:** 6
    **Explanation:**
    Some of the strings which can be obtained from text and have 6 subsequences "ab" are " _ **a**_ aabb", "aa _ **a**_ bb", and "aab _ **b**_ b".
    



**Constraints:**

  * `1 <= text.length <= 105`
  * `pattern.length == 2`
  * `text` and `pattern` consist only of lowercase English letters.


## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```
