# [2213. Longest Substring of One Repeating Character](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-of-one-repeating-character/)

## 题目

You are given a **0-indexed** string `s`. You are also given a **0-indexed**
string `queryCharacters` of length `k` and a **0-indexed** array of integer
**indices** `queryIndices` of length `k`, both of which are used to describe
`k` queries.

The `ith` query updates the character in `s` at index `queryIndices[i]` to the
character `queryCharacters[i]`.

Return _an array_ `lengths` _of length_`k` _where_ `lengths[i]` _is the
**length** of the **longest substring** of _`s` _consisting of **only one
repeating** character **after** the_ `ith` _query_ _is performed._

**Example 1:**

> Input: s = "babacc", queryCharacters = "bcb", queryIndices = [1,3,3]
>
> Output: [3,3,4]
>
> Explanation:
>
> - 1st query updates s = " \_b **b** b_acc". The longest substring consisting of one repeating character is "bbb" with length 3.
> - 2nd query updates s = "bbb _ **c** cc_".
>
>   The longest substring consisting of one repeating character can be "bbb" or "ccc" with length 3.
>
> - 3rd query updates s = " _bbb **b**_ cc". The longest substring consisting of one repeating character is "bbbb" with length 4.
>
> Thus, we return [3,3,4].

**Example 2:**

> Input: s = "abyzz", queryCharacters = "aa", queryIndices = [2,1]
>
> Output: [2,3]
>
> Explanation:
>
> - 1st query updates s = "ab **a** _zz_ ". The longest substring consisting of one repeating character is "zz" with length 2.
> - 2nd query updates s = " \_a **a** a_zz". The longest substring consisting of one repeating character is "aaa" with length 3.
>
> Thus, we return [2,3].

**Constraints:**

- `1 <= s.length <= 10^5`
- `s` consists of lowercase English letters.
- `k == queryCharacters.length == queryIndices.length`
- `1 <= k <= 10^5`
- `queryCharacters` consists of lowercase English letters.
- `0 <= queryIndices[i] < s.length`

## 题目大意

## 解题思路

#### 复杂度分析

- **时间复杂度**：`O()`
- **空间复杂度**：`O()`

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目

- [56. 合并区间](./0056.md)
- [424. 替换后的最长重复字符](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-repeating-character-replacement)
- [1446. 连续字符](https://leetcode.com/problems/consecutive-characters)
- [1649. 通过指令创建有序数组](https://leetcode.com/problems/create-sorted-array-through-instructions)
- [2407. 最长递增子序列 II](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-increasing-subsequence-ii)

::::
