# [2234. Maximum Total Beauty of the Gardens](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-total-beauty-of-the-gardens)

## 题目

Alice is a caretaker of `n` gardens and she wants to plant flowers to maximize
the total beauty of all her gardens.

You are given a **0-indexed** integer array `flowers` of size `n`, where
`flowers[i]` is the number of flowers already planted in the `ith` garden.
Flowers that are already planted **cannot** be removed. You are then given
another integer `newFlowers`, which is the **maximum** number of flowers that
Alice can additionally plant. You are also given the integers `target`,
`full`, and `partial`.

A garden is considered **complete** if it has **at least** `target` flowers.
The **total beauty** of the gardens is then determined as the **sum** of the
following:

  * The number of **complete** gardens multiplied by `full`.
  * The **minimum** number of flowers in any of the **incomplete** gardens multiplied by `partial`. If there are no incomplete gardens, then this value will be `0`.

Return _the **maximum** total beauty that Alice can obtain after planting at
most _`newFlowers` _flowers._



**Example 1:**

> Input: flowers = [1,3,1,1], newFlowers = 7, target = 6, full = 12, partial = 1
> 
> Output: 14
> 
> Explanation: Alice can plant
> - 2 flowers in the 0th garden
> - 3 flowers in the 1st garden
> - 1 flower in the 2nd garden
> - 1 flower in the 3rd garden
> 
> The gardens will then be [3,6,2,2]. She planted a total of 2 + 3 + 1 + 1 = 7 flowers.
> 
> There is 1 garden that is complete.
> 
> The minimum number of flowers in the incomplete gardens is 2.
> 
> Thus, the total beauty is 1 * 12 + 2 * 1 = 12 + 2 = 14.
> 
> No other way of planting flowers can obtain a total beauty higher than 14.

**Example 2:**

> Input: flowers = [2,4,5,3], newFlowers = 10, target = 5, full = 2, partial = 6
> 
> Output: 30
> 
> Explanation: Alice can plant
> - 3 flowers in the 0th garden
> - 0 flowers in the 1st garden
> - 0 flowers in the 2nd garden
> - 2 flowers in the 3rd garden
> 
> The gardens will then be [5,4,5,5]. She planted a total of 3 + 0 + 0 + 2 = 5 flowers.
> 
> There are 3 gardens that are complete.
> 
> The minimum number of flowers in the incomplete gardens is 4.
> 
> Thus, the total beauty is 3 * 2 + 4 * 6 = 6 + 24 = 30.
> 
> No other way of planting flowers can obtain a total beauty higher than 30.
> 
> Note that Alice could make all the gardens complete but in this case, she would obtain a lower total beauty.

**Constraints:**

  * `1 <= flowers.length <= 105`
  * `1 <= flowers[i], target <= 105`
  * `1 <= newFlowers <= 1010`
  * `1 <= full, partial <= 105`


## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目
- [410. 分割数组的最大值](https://leetcode.com/problems/split-array-largest-sum)

::::
