# [2279. Maximum Bags With Full Capacity of Rocks](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-bags-with-full-capacity-of-rocks/)

## 题目

You have `n` bags numbered from `0` to `n - 1`. You are given two
**0-indexed** integer arrays `capacity` and `rocks`. The `ith` bag can hold a
maximum of `capacity[i]` rocks and currently contains `rocks[i]` rocks. You
are also given an integer `additionalRocks`, the number of additional rocks
you can place in **any** of the bags.

Return _the **maximum** number of bags that could have full capacity after
placing the additional rocks in some bags._

**Example 1:**

> Input: capacity = [2,3,4,5], rocks = [1,2,4,4], additionalRocks = 2
>
> Output: 3
>
> Explanation:
>
> Place 1 rock in bag 0 and 1 rock in bag 1.
>
> The number of rocks in each bag are now [2,3,4,4].
>
> Bags 0, 1, and 2 have full capacity.
>
> There are 3 bags at full capacity, so we return 3.
>
> It can be shown that it is not possible to have more than 3 bags at full capacity.
>
> Note that there may be other ways of placing the rocks that result in an answer of 3.

**Example 2:**

> Input: capacity = [10,2,2], rocks = [2,2,0], additionalRocks = 100
>
> Output: 3
>
> Explanation:
>
> Place 8 rocks in bag 0 and 2 rocks in bag 2.
>
> The number of rocks in each bag are now [10,2,2].
>
> Bags 0, 1, and 2 have full capacity.
>
> There are 3 bags at full capacity, so we return 3.
>
> It can be shown that it is not possible to have more than 3 bags at full capacity.
>
> Note that we did not use all of the additional rocks.

**Constraints:**

- `n == capacity.length == rocks.length`
- `1 <= n <= 5 * 10^4`
- `1 <= capacity[i] <= 10^9`
- `0 <= rocks[i] <= capacity[i]`
- `1 <= additionalRocks <= 10^9`

## 题目大意

## 解题思路

#### 复杂度分析

- **时间复杂度**：`O()`
- **空间复杂度**：`O()`

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目

- [1011. 在 D 天内送达包裹的能力](https://leetcode.com/problems/capacity-to-ship-packages-within-d-days)
- [1710. 卡车上的最大单元数](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-units-on-a-truck)

::::
