# [2301. Match Substring After Replacement](https://leetcode.com/problems/match-substring-after-replacement)

## 题目

You are given two strings `s` and `sub`. You are also given a 2D character
array `mappings` where `mappings[i] = [oldi, newi]` indicates that you may
perform the following operation **any** number of times:

  * **Replace** a character `oldi` of `sub` with `newi`.

Each character in `sub` **cannot** be replaced more than once.

Return `true` _if it is possible to make_`sub` _a substring of_`s` _by
replacing zero or more characters according to_`mappings`. Otherwise, return
`false`.

A **substring** is a contiguous non-empty sequence of characters within a
string.



**Example 1:**

    
    
    **Input:** s = "fool3e7bar", sub = "leet", mappings = [["e","3"],["t","7"],["t","8"]]
    **Output:** true
    **Explanation:** Replace the first 'e' in sub with '3' and 't' in sub with '7'.
    Now sub = "l3e7" is a substring of s, so we return true.

**Example 2:**

    
    
    **Input:** s = "fooleetbar", sub = "f00l", mappings = [["o","0"]]
    **Output:** false
    **Explanation:** The string "f00l" is not a substring of s and no replacements can be made.
    Note that we cannot replace '0' with 'o'.
    

**Example 3:**

    
    
    **Input:** s = "Fool33tbaR", sub = "leetd", mappings = [["e","3"],["t","7"],["t","8"],["d","b"],["p","b"]]
    **Output:** true
    **Explanation:** Replace the first and second 'e' in sub with '3' and 'd' in sub with 'b'.
    Now sub = "l33tb" is a substring of s, so we return true.
    
    



**Constraints:**

  * `1 <= sub.length <= s.length <= 5000`
  * `0 <= mappings.length <= 1000`
  * `mappings[i].length == 2`
  * `oldi != newi`
  * `s` and `sub` consist of uppercase and lowercase English letters and digits.
  * `oldi` and `newi` are either uppercase or lowercase English letters or digits.


## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目
- [211. 添加与搜索单词 - 数据结构设计](https://leetcode.com/problems/design-add-and-search-words-data-structure)

::::
