# [2303. Calculate Amount Paid in Taxes](https://leetcode.com/problems/calculate-amount-paid-in-taxes/)

## 题目

You are given a **0-indexed** 2D integer array `brackets` where `brackets[i] =
[upperi, percenti]` means that the `ith` tax bracket has an upper bound of
`upperi` and is taxed at a rate of `percenti`. The brackets are **sorted** by
upper bound (i.e. `upperi-1 < upperi` for `0 < i < brackets.length`).

Tax is calculated as follows:

- The first `upper0` dollars earned are taxed at a rate of `percent0`.
- The next `upper1 - upper0` dollars earned are taxed at a rate of `percent1`.
- The next `upper2 - upper1` dollars earned are taxed at a rate of `percent2`.
- And so on.

You are given an integer `income` representing the amount of money you earned.
Return _the amount of money that you have to pay in taxes._ Answers within
`10-5` of the actual answer will be accepted.

**Example 1:**

> Input: brackets = [[3,50],[7,10],[12,25]], income = 10
>
> Output: 2.65000
>
> Explanation:
>
> Based on your income, you have 3 dollars in the 1st tax bracket, 4 dollars in the 2nd tax bracket, and 3 dollars in the 3rd tax bracket.
>
> The tax rate for the three tax brackets is 50%, 10%, and 25%, respectively.
>
> In total, you pay $3 _ 50% + $4 _ 10% + $3 \* 25% = $2.65 in taxes.

**Example 2:**

> Input: brackets = [[1,0],[4,25],[5,50]], income = 2
>
> Output: 0.25000
>
> Explanation:
>
> Based on your income, you have 1 dollar in the 1st tax bracket and 1 dollar in the 2nd tax bracket.
>
> The tax rate for the two tax brackets is 0% and 25%, respectively.
>
> In total, you pay $1 _ 0% + $1 _ 25% = $0.25 in taxes.

**Example 3:**

> Input: brackets = [[2,50]], income = 0
>
> Output: 0.00000
>
> Explanation:
>
> You have no income to tax, so you have to pay a total of $0 in taxes.

**Constraints:**

- `1 <= brackets.length <= 100`
- `1 <= upperi <= 1000`
- `0 <= percenti <= 100`
- `0 <= income <= 1000`
- `upperi` is sorted in ascending order.
- All the values of `upperi` are **unique**.
- The upper bound of the last tax bracket is greater than or equal to `income`.

## 题目大意

## 解题思路

#### 复杂度分析

- **时间复杂度**：`O()`
- **空间复杂度**：`O()`

## 代码

```javascript

```
