# [2337. Move Pieces to Obtain a String](https://leetcode.com/problems/move-pieces-to-obtain-a-string)

## 题目

You are given two strings `start` and `target`, both of length `n`. Each
string consists **only** of the characters `'L'`, `'R'`, and `'_'` where:

  * The characters `'L'` and `'R'` represent pieces, where a piece `'L'` can move to the **left** only if there is a **blank** space directly to its left, and a piece `'R'` can move to the **right** only if there is a **blank** space directly to its right.
  * The character `'_'` represents a blank space that can be occupied by **any** of the `'L'` or `'R'` pieces.

Return `true` _if it is possible to obtain the string_ `target` _by moving the
pieces of the string_`start` _**any** number of times_. Otherwise, return
`false`.



**Example 1:**

    
    
    **Input:** start = "_L__R__R_", target = "L______RR"
    **Output:** true
    **Explanation:** We can obtain the string target from start by doing the following moves:
    - Move the first piece one step to the left, start becomes equal to " **L** ___R__R_".
    - Move the last piece one step to the right, start becomes equal to "L___R___ **R** ".
    - Move the second piece three steps to the right, start becomes equal to "L______ **R** R".
    Since it is possible to get the string target from start, we return true.
    

**Example 2:**

    
    
    **Input:** start = "R_L_", target = "__LR"
    **Output:** false
    **Explanation:** The 'R' piece in the string start can move one step to the right to obtain "_ **R** L_".
    After that, no pieces can move anymore, so it is impossible to obtain the string target from start.
    

**Example 3:**

    
    
    **Input:** start = "_R", target = "R_"
    **Output:** false
    **Explanation:** The piece in the string start can move only to the right, so it is impossible to obtain the string target from start.



**Constraints:**

  * `n == start.length == target.length`
  * `1 <= n <= 105`
  * `start` and `target` consist of the characters `'L'`, `'R'`, and `'_'`.


## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目
- [20. 有效的括号](./0020.md)
- [777. 在LR字符串中交换相邻字符](https://leetcode.com/problems/swap-adjacent-in-lr-string)

::::
