# [2343. Query Kth Smallest Trimmed Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/query-kth-smallest-trimmed-number/)

## 题目

You are given a **0-indexed** array of strings `nums`, where each string is of
**equal length** and consists of only digits.

You are also given a **0-indexed** 2D integer array `queries` where
`queries[i] = [ki, trimi]`. For each `queries[i]`, you need to:

- **Trim** each number in `nums` to its **rightmost** `trimi` digits.
- Determine the **index** of the `kith` smallest trimmed number in `nums`. If two trimmed numbers are equal, the number with the **lower** index is considered to be smaller.
- Reset each number in `nums` to its original length.

Return _an array_`answer` _of the same length as_`queries`, _where_`answer[i]`
_is the answer to the_`ith` _query._

**Note** :

- To trim to the rightmost `x` digits means to keep removing the leftmost digit, until only `x` digits remain.
- Strings in `nums` may contain leading zeros.

**Example 1:**

> Input: nums = ["102","473","251","814"], queries = [[1,1],[2,3],[4,2],[1,2]]
>
> Output: [2,2,1,0]
>
> Explanation:
>
> 1. After trimming to the last digit, nums = ["2","3","1","4"]. The smallest number is 1 at index 2.
>
> 2. Trimmed to the last 3 digits, nums is unchanged. The 2nd smallest number is 251 at index 2.
>
> 3. Trimmed to the last 2 digits, nums = ["02","73","51","14"]. The 4th smallest number is 73.
>
> 4. Trimmed to the last 2 digits, the smallest number is 2 at index 0.
>
>    Note that the trimmed number "02" is evaluated as 2.

**Example 2:**

> Input: nums = ["24","37","96","04"], queries = [[2,1],[2,2]]
>
> Output: [3,0]
>
> Explanation:
>
> 1. Trimmed to the last digit, nums = ["4","7","6","4"]. The 2nd smallest number is 4 at index 3.
>
>    There are two occurrences of 4, but the one at index 0 is considered smaller than the one at index 3.
>
> 2. Trimmed to the last 2 digits, nums is unchanged. The 2nd smallest number is 24.

**Constraints:**

- `1 <= nums.length <= 100`
- `1 <= nums[i].length <= 100`
- `nums[i]` consists of only digits.
- All `nums[i].length` are **equal**.
- `1 <= queries.length <= 100`
- `queries[i].length == 2`
- `1 <= ki <= nums.length`
- `1 <= trimi <= nums[i].length`

**Follow up:** Could you use the **Radix Sort Algorithm** to solve this
problem? What will be the complexity of that solution?

## 题目大意

## 解题思路

#### 复杂度分析

- **时间复杂度**：`O()`
- **空间复杂度**：`O()`

## 代码

```javascript

```
