# [2365. Task Scheduler II](https://leetcode.com/problems/task-scheduler-ii/)

## 题目

You are given a **0-indexed** array of positive integers `tasks`, representing
tasks that need to be completed **in order** , where `tasks[i]` represents the
**type** of the `ith` task.

You are also given a positive integer `space`, which represents the
**minimum** number of days that must pass **after** the completion of a task
before another task of the **same** type can be performed.

Each day, until all tasks have been completed, you must either:

- Complete the next task from `tasks`, or
- Take a break.

Return _the **minimum** number of days needed to complete all tasks_.

**Example 1:**

> Input: tasks = [1,2,1,2,3,1], space = 3
>
> Output: 9
>
> Explanation:
>
> One way to complete all tasks in 9 days is as follows:
>
> Day 1: Complete the 0th task.
>
> Day 2: Complete the 1st task.
>
> Day 3: Take a break.
>
> Day 4: Take a break.
>
> Day 5: Complete the 2nd task.
>
> Day 6: Complete the 3rd task.
>
> Day 7: Take a break.
>
> Day 8: Complete the 4th task.
>
> Day 9: Complete the 5th task.
>
> It can be shown that the tasks cannot be completed in less than 9 days.

**Example 2:**

> Input: tasks = [5,8,8,5], space = 2
>
> Output: 6
>
> Explanation:
>
> One way to complete all tasks in 6 days is as follows:
>
> Day 1: Complete the 0th task.
>
> Day 2: Complete the 1st task.
>
> Day 3: Take a break.
>
> Day 4: Take a break.
>
> Day 5: Complete the 2nd task.
>
> Day 6: Complete the 3rd task.
>
> It can be shown that the tasks cannot be completed in less than 6 days.

**Constraints:**

- `1 <= tasks.length <= 10^5`
- `1 <= tasks[i] <= 10^9`
- `1 <= space <= tasks.length`

## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目

- [621. 任务调度器](https://leetcode.com/problems/task-scheduler)
- [849. 到最近的人的最大距离](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximize-distance-to-closest-person)
- [1437. 是否所有 1 都至少相隔 k 个元素](https://leetcode.com/problems/check-if-all-1s-are-at-least-length-k-places-away)

::::
