# [2430. Maximum Deletions on a String](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-deletions-on-a-string/)

## 题目

You are given a string `s` consisting of only lowercase English letters. In
one operation, you can:

  * Delete **the entire string** `s`, or
  * Delete the **first** `i` letters of `s` if the first `i` letters of `s` are **equal** to the following `i` letters in `s`, for any `i` in the range `1 <= i <= s.length / 2`.

For example, if `s = "ababc"`, then in one operation, you could delete the
first two letters of `s` to get `"abc"`, since the first two letters of `s`
and the following two letters of `s` are both equal to `"ab"`.

Return _the **maximum** number of operations needed to delete all of _`s`.



**Example 1:**

> Input: s = "abcabcdabc"
> 
> Output: 2
> 
> Explanation:
> - Delete the first 3 letters ("abc") since the next 3 letters are equal. Now, s = "abcdabc".
> - Delete all the letters.
> 
> We used 2 operations so return 2. It can be proven that 2 is the maximum number of operations needed.
> 
> Note that in the second operation we cannot delete "abc" again because the next occurrence of "abc" does not happen in the next 3 letters.

**Example 2:**

> Input: s = "aaabaab"
> 
> Output: 4
> 
> Explanation:
> - Delete the first letter ("a") since the next letter is equal. Now, s = "aabaab".
> - Delete the first 3 letters ("aab") since the next 3 letters are equal. Now, s = "aab".
> - Delete the first letter ("a") since the next letter is equal. Now, s = "ab".
> - Delete all the letters.
> 
> We used 4 operations so return 4. It can be proven that 4 is the maximum number of operations needed.

**Example 3:**

> Input: s = "aaaaa"
> 
> Output: 5
> 
> Explanation: In each operation, we can delete the first letter of s.

**Constraints:**

  * `1 <= s.length <= 4000`
  * `s` consists only of lowercase English letters.


## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目
- [214. 最短回文串](https://leetcode.com/problems/shortest-palindrome)
- [1392. 最长快乐前缀](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-happy-prefix)
- [1910. 删除一个字符串中所有出现的给定子字符串](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-all-occurrences-of-a-substring)

::::
