# [2432. The Employee That Worked on the Longest Task](https://leetcode.com/problems/the-employee-that-worked-on-the-longest-task)

## 题目

There are `n` employees, each with a unique id from `0` to `n - 1`.

You are given a 2D integer array `logs` where `logs[i] = [idi, leaveTimei]`
where:

  * `idi` is the id of the employee that worked on the `ith` task, and
  * `leaveTimei` is the time at which the employee finished the `ith` task. All the values `leaveTimei` are **unique**.

Note that the `ith` task starts the moment right after the `(i - 1)th` task
ends, and the `0th` task starts at time `0`.

Return _the id of the employee that worked the task with the longest time._ If
there is a tie between two or more employees, return _the **smallest** id
among them_.



**Example 1:**

    
    
    **Input:** n = 10, logs = [[0,3],[2,5],[0,9],[1,15]]
    **Output:** 1
    **Explanation:** 
    Task 0 started at 0 and ended at 3 with 3 units of times.
    Task 1 started at 3 and ended at 5 with 2 units of times.
    Task 2 started at 5 and ended at 9 with 4 units of times.
    Task 3 started at 9 and ended at 15 with 6 units of times.
    The task with the longest time is task 3 and the employee with id 1 is the one that worked on it, so we return 1.
    

**Example 2:**

    
    
    **Input:** n = 26, logs = [[1,1],[3,7],[2,12],[7,17]]
    **Output:** 3
    **Explanation:** 
    Task 0 started at 0 and ended at 1 with 1 unit of times.
    Task 1 started at 1 and ended at 7 with 6 units of times.
    Task 2 started at 7 and ended at 12 with 5 units of times.
    Task 3 started at 12 and ended at 17 with 5 units of times.
    The tasks with the longest time is task 1. The employee that worked on it is 3, so we return 3.
    

**Example 3:**

    
    
    **Input:** n = 2, logs = [[0,10],[1,20]]
    **Output:** 0
    **Explanation:** 
    Task 0 started at 0 and ended at 10 with 10 units of times.
    Task 1 started at 10 and ended at 20 with 10 units of times.
    The tasks with the longest time are tasks 0 and 1. The employees that worked on them are 0 and 1, so we return the smallest id 0.
    



**Constraints:**

  * `2 <= n <= 500`
  * `1 <= logs.length <= 500`
  * `logs[i].length == 2`
  * `0 <= idi <= n - 1`
  * `1 <= leaveTimei <= 500`
  * `idi != idi+1`
  * `leaveTimei` are sorted in a strictly increasing order.


## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```
