# [2434. Using a Robot to Print the Lexicographically Smallest String](https://leetcode.com/problems/using-a-robot-to-print-the-lexicographically-smallest-string/)

## é¢˜ç›®

You are given a string `s` and a robot that currently holds an empty string
`t`. Apply one of the following operations until `s` and `t` **are both
empty** :

- Remove the **first** character of a string `s` and give it to the robot. The robot will append this character to the string `t`.
- Remove the **last** character of a string `t` and give it to the robot. The robot will write this character on paper.

Return _the lexicographically smallest string that can be written on the
paper._

**Example 1:**

> Input: s = "zza"
>
> Output: "azz"
>
> Explanation: Let p denote the written string.
>
> Initially p="", s="zza", t="".
>
> Perform first operation three times p="", s="", t="zza".
>
> Perform second operation three times p="azz", s="", t="".

**Example 2:**

> Input: s = "bac"
>
> Output: "abc"
>
> Explanation: Let p denote the written string.
>
> Perform first operation twice p="", s="c", t="ba".
>
> Perform second operation twice p="ab", s="c", t="".
>
> Perform first operation p="ab", s="", t="c".
>
> Perform second operation p="abc", s="", t="".

**Example 3:**

> Input: s = "bdda"
>
> Output: "addb"
>
> Explanation: Let p denote the written string.
>
> Initially p="", s="bdda", t="".
>
> Perform first operation four times p="", s="", t="bdda".
>
> Perform second operation four times p="addb", s="", t="".

**Constraints:**

- `1 <= s.length <= 10^5`
- `s` consists of only English lowercase letters.

## é¢˜ç›®å¤§æ„

## è§£é¢˜æ€è·¯

#### å¤æ‚åº¦åˆ†æž

- **æ—¶é—´å¤æ‚åº¦**ï¼š`O()`
- **ç©ºé—´å¤æ‚åº¦**ï¼š`O()`

## ä»£ç 

```javascript

```

## ç›¸å…³é¢˜ç›®

:::: md-demo ç›¸å…³é¢˜ç›®

- [ðŸ”’ Find Permutation](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-permutation)

::::
