# [2453. Destroy Sequential Targets](https://leetcode.com/problems/destroy-sequential-targets)

## 题目

You are given a **0-indexed** array `nums` consisting of positive integers,
representing targets on a number line. You are also given an integer `space`.

You have a machine which can destroy targets. **Seeding** the machine with
some `nums[i]` allows it to destroy all targets with values that can be
represented as `nums[i] + c * space`, where `c` is any non-negative integer.
You want to destroy the **maximum** number of targets in `nums`.

Return _the **minimum value** of _`nums[i]` _you can seed the machine with to
destroy the maximum number of targets._



**Example 1:**

> Input: nums = [3,7,8,1,1,5], space = 2
> 
> Output: 1
> 
> Explanation: If we seed the machine with nums[3], then we destroy all targets equal to 1,3,5,7,9,... 
> 
> In this case, we would destroy 5 total targets (all except for nums[2]). 
> 
> It is impossible to destroy more than 5 targets, so we return nums[3].

**Example 2:**

> Input: nums = [1,3,5,2,4,6], space = 2
> 
> Output: 1
> 
> Explanation: Seeding the machine with nums[0], or nums[3] destroys 3 targets. 
> 
> It is not possible to destroy more than 3 targets.
> 
> Since nums[0] is the minimal integer that can destroy 3 targets, we return 1.

**Example 3:**

> Input: nums = [6,2,5], space = 100
> 
> Output: 2
> 
> Explanation: Whatever initial seed we select, we can only destroy 1 target. The minimal seed is nums[1].

**Constraints:**

  * `1 <= nums.length <= 105`
  * `1 <= nums[i] <= 109`
  * `1 <= space <= 109`


## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目
- [446. 等差数列划分 II - 子序列](https://leetcode.com/problems/arithmetic-slices-ii-subsequence)
- [1010. 总持续时间可被 60 整除的歌曲](https://leetcode.com/problems/pairs-of-songs-with-total-durations-divisible-by-60)
- [1027. 最长等差数列](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-arithmetic-subsequence)
- [1218. 最长定差子序列](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-arithmetic-subsequence-of-given-difference)

::::
