# [2490. Circular Sentence](https://leetcode.com/problems/circular-sentence/)

## 题目

A **sentence** is a list of words that are separated by a **single** space
with no leading or trailing spaces.

  * For example, `"Hello World"`, `"HELLO"`, `"hello world hello world"` are all sentences.

Words consist of **only** uppercase and lowercase English letters. Uppercase
and lowercase English letters are considered different.

A sentence is **circular** if:

  * The last character of a word is equal to the first character of the next word.
  * The last character of the last word is equal to the first character of the first word.

For example, `"leetcode exercises sound delightful"`, `"eetcode"`, `"leetcode
eats soul" `are all circular sentences. However, `"Leetcode is cool"`, `"happy
Leetcode"`, `"Leetcode"` and `"I like Leetcode"` are **not** circular
sentences.

Given a string `sentence`, return `true` _if it is circular_. Otherwise,
return `false`.



**Example 1:**

> Input: sentence = "leetcode exercises sound delightful"
> 
> Output: true
> 
> Explanation: The words in sentence are ["leetcode", "exercises", "sound", "delightful"].
> - leetcod _e_ 's last character is equal to _e_ xercises's first character.
> - exercise _s_ 's last character is equal to _s_ ound's first character.
> - soun _d_ 's last character is equal to _d_ elightful's first character.
> - delightfu _l_ 's last character is equal to _l_ eetcode's first character.
> 
> The sentence is circular.

**Example 2:**

> Input: sentence = "eetcode"
> 
> Output: true
> 
> Explanation: The words in sentence are ["eetcode"].
> - eetcod _e_ 's last character is equal to _e_ etcode's first character.
> 
> The sentence is circular.

**Example 3:**

> Input: sentence = "Leetcode is cool"
> 
> Output: false
> 
> Explanation: The words in sentence are ["Leetcode", "is", "cool"].
> - Leetcod _e_ 's last character is **not** equal to _i_ s's first character.
> 
> The sentence is **not** circular.



**Constraints:**

  * `1 <= sentence.length <= 500`
  * `sentence` consist of only lowercase and uppercase English letters and spaces.
  * The words in `sentence` are separated by a single space.
  * There are no leading or trailing spaces.


## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目
- [1652. 拆炸弹](https://leetcode.com/problems/defuse-the-bomb)

::::
