# [2512. Reward Top K Students](https://leetcode.com/problems/reward-top-k-students)

## 题目

You are given two string arrays `positive_feedback` and `negative_feedback`,
containing the words denoting positive and negative feedback, respectively.
Note that **no** word is both positive and negative.

Initially every student has `0` points. Each positive word in a feedback
report **increases** the points of a student by `3`, whereas each negative
word **decreases** the points by `1`.

You are given `n` feedback reports, represented by a **0-indexed** string
array `report` and a **0-indexed** integer array `student_id`, where
`student_id[i]` represents the ID of the student who has received the feedback
report `report[i]`. The ID of each student is **unique**.

Given an integer `k`, return _the top_`k` _students after ranking them in
**non-increasing** order by their points_. In case more than one student has
the same points, the one with the lower ID ranks higher.



**Example 1:**

> Input: positive_feedback = ["smart","brilliant","studious"], negative_feedback = ["not"], report = ["this student is studious","the student is smart"], student_id = [1,2], k = 2
> 
> Output: [1,2]
> 
> Explanation: 
> 
> Both the students have 1 positive feedback and 3 points but since student 1 has a lower ID he ranks higher.

**Example 2:**

> Input: positive_feedback = ["smart","brilliant","studious"], negative_feedback = ["not"], report = ["this student is not studious","the student is smart"], student_id = [1,2], k = 2
> 
> Output: [2,1]
> 
> Explanation: 
> - The student with ID 1 has 1 positive feedback and 1 negative feedback, so he has 3-1=2 points. 
> - The student with ID 2 has 1 positive feedback, so he has 3 points. 
> 
> Since student 2 has more points, [2,1] is returned.

**Constraints:**

  * `1 <= positive_feedback.length, negative_feedback.length <= 104`
  * `1 <= positive_feedback[i].length, negative_feedback[j].length <= 100`
  * Both `positive_feedback[i]` and `negative_feedback[j]` consists of lowercase English letters.
  * No word is present in both `positive_feedback` and `negative_feedback`.
  * `n == report.length == student_id.length`
  * `1 <= n <= 104`
  * `report[i]` consists of lowercase English letters and spaces `' '`.
  * There is a single space between consecutive words of `report[i]`.
  * `1 <= report[i].length <= 100`
  * `1 <= student_id[i] <= 109`
  * All the values of `student_id[i]` are **unique**.
  * `1 <= k <= n`


## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目
- [406. 根据身高重建队列](https://leetcode.com/problems/queue-reconstruction-by-height)
- [2146. 价格范围内最高排名的 K 样物品](https://leetcode.com/problems/k-highest-ranked-items-within-a-price-range)

::::
