# [2525. Categorize Box According to Criteria](https://leetcode.com/problems/categorize-box-according-to-criteria)

## 题目

Given four integers `length`, `width`, `height`, and `mass`, representing the
dimensions and mass of a box, respectively, return _a string representing the
**category** of the box_.

  * The box is `"Bulky"` if: 
> 
> * **Any** of the dimensions of the box is greater or equal to `104`.
> 
> * Or, the **volume** of the box is greater or equal to `109`.
  * If the mass of the box is greater or equal to `100`, it is `"Heavy".`
  * If the box is both `"Bulky"` and `"Heavy"`, then its category is `"Both"`.
  * If the box is neither `"Bulky"` nor `"Heavy"`, then its category is `"Neither"`.
  * If the box is `"Bulky"` but not `"Heavy"`, then its category is `"Bulky"`.
  * If the box is `"Heavy"` but not `"Bulky"`, then its category is `"Heavy"`.

**Note** that the volume of the box is the product of its length, width and
height.



**Example 1:**

> Input: length = 1000, width = 35, height = 700, mass = 300
> 
> Output: "Heavy"
> 
> Explanation: 
> 
> None of the dimensions of the box is greater or equal to 104. 
> 
> Its volume = 24500000 <= 109. So it cannot be categorized as "Bulky".
> 
> However mass >= 100, so the box is "Heavy".
> 
> Since the box is not "Bulky" but "Heavy", we return "Heavy".

**Example 2:**

> Input: length = 200, width = 50, height = 800, mass = 50
> 
> Output: "Neither"
> 
> Explanation: 
> 
> None of the dimensions of the box is greater or equal to 104.
> 
> Its volume = 8 * 106 <= 109. So it cannot be categorized as "Bulky".
> 
> Its mass is also less than 100, so it cannot be categorized as "Heavy" either. 
> 
> Since its neither of the two above categories, we return "Neither".



**Constraints:**

  * `1 <= length, width, height <= 105`
  * `1 <= mass <= 103`


## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目
- [412. Fizz Buzz](https://leetcode.com/problems/fizz-buzz)
- [1275. 找出井字棋的获胜者](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-winner-on-a-tic-tac-toe-game)
- [2347. 最好的扑克手牌](https://leetcode.com/problems/best-poker-hand)

::::
