# [2565. Subsequence With the Minimum Score](https://leetcode.com/problems/subsequence-with-the-minimum-score/)

## 题目

You are given two strings `s` and `t`.

You are allowed to remove any number of characters from the string `t`.

The score of the string is `0` if no characters are removed from the string
`t`, otherwise:

- Let `left` be the minimum index among all removed characters.
- Let `right` be the maximum index among all removed characters.

Then the score of the string is `right - left + 1`.

Return _the minimum possible score to make_`t` _ a subsequence of _`s` _._

A **subsequence** of a string is a new string that is formed from the original
string by deleting some (can be none) of the characters without disturbing the
relative positions of the remaining characters. (i.e., `"ace"` is a
subsequence of `" _a_ b _c_ d _e_ "` while `"aec"` is not).

**Example 1:**

> Input: s = "abacaba", t = "bzaa"
>
> Output: 1
>
> Explanation: In this example, we remove the character "z" at index 1 (0-indexed).
>
> The string t becomes "baa" which is a subsequence of the string "abacaba" and the score is 1 - 1 + 1 = 1.
>
> It can be proven that 1 is the minimum score that we can achieve.

**Example 2:**

> Input: s = "cde", t = "xyz"
>
> Output: 3
>
> Explanation: In this example, we remove characters "x", "y" and "z" at indices 0, 1, and 2 (0-indexed).
>
> The string t becomes "" which is a subsequence of the string "cde" and the score is 2 - 0 + 1 = 3.
>
> It can be proven that 3 is the minimum score that we can achieve.

**Constraints:**

- `1 <= s.length, t.length <= 10^5`
- `s` and `t` consist of only lowercase English letters.

## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目

- [1143. 最长公共子序列](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-subsequence)

::::
