# [2580. Count Ways to Group Overlapping Ranges](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-ways-to-group-overlapping-ranges)

## 题目

You are given a 2D integer array `ranges` where `ranges[i] = [starti, endi]`
denotes that all integers between `starti` and `endi` (both **inclusive** )
are contained in the `ith` range.

You are to split `ranges` into **two** (possibly empty) groups such that:

  * Each range belongs to exactly one group.
  * Any two **overlapping** ranges must belong to the **same** group.

Two ranges are said to be **overlapping**  if there exists at least **one**
integer that is present in both ranges.

  * For example, `[1, 3]` and `[2, 5]` are overlapping because `2` and `3` occur in both ranges.

Return _the **total number** of ways to split_ `ranges` _into two groups_.
Since the answer may be very large, return it **modulo** `109 + 7`.



**Example 1:**

    
    
    **Input:** ranges = [[6,10],[5,15]]
    **Output:** 2
    **Explanation:** 
    The two ranges are overlapping, so they must be in the same group.
    Thus, there are two possible ways:
    - Put both the ranges together in group 1.
    - Put both the ranges together in group 2.
    

**Example 2:**

    
    
    **Input:** ranges = [[1,3],[10,20],[2,5],[4,8]]
    **Output:** 4
    **Explanation:** 
    Ranges [1,3], and [2,5] are overlapping. So, they must be in the same group.
    Again, ranges [2,5] and [4,8] are also overlapping. So, they must also be in the same group. 
    Thus, there are four possible ways to group them:
    - All the ranges in group 1.
    - All the ranges in group 2.
    - Ranges [1,3], [2,5], and [4,8] in group 1 and [10,20] in group 2.
    - Ranges [1,3], [2,5], and [4,8] in group 2 and [10,20] in group 1.
    



**Constraints:**

  * `1 <= ranges.length <= 105`
  * `ranges[i].length == 2`
  * `0 <= starti <= endi <= 109`


## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```
