# [2585. Number of Ways to Earn Points](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-ways-to-earn-points)

## 题目

There is a test that has `n` types of questions. You are given an integer
`target` and a **0-indexed** 2D integer array `types` where `types[i] =
[counti, marksi]` indicates that there are `counti` questions of the `ith`
type, and each one of them is worth `marksi` points.

Return _the number of ways you can earn **exactly** _`target` _points in the
exam_. Since the answer may be too large, return it **modulo** `109 + 7`.

**Note** that questions of the same type are indistinguishable.

  * For example, if there are `3` questions of the same type, then solving the `1st` and `2nd` questions is the same as solving the `1st` and `3rd` questions, or the `2nd` and `3rd` questions.



**Example 1:**

> Input: target = 6, types = [[6,1],[3,2],[2,3]]
> 
> Output: 7
> 
> Explanation: You can earn 6 points in one of the seven ways:
> - Solve 6 questions of the 0th type: 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 = 6
> - Solve 4 questions of the 0th type and 1 question of the 1st type: 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 2 = 6
> - Solve 2 questions of the 0th type and 2 questions of the 1st type: 1 + 1 + 2 + 2 = 6
> - Solve 3 questions of the 0th type and 1 question of the 2nd type: 1 + 1 + 1 + 3 = 6
> - Solve 1 question of the 0th type, 1 question of the 1st type and 1 question of the 2nd type: 1 + 2 + 3 = 6
> - Solve 3 questions of the 1st type: 2 + 2 + 2 = 6
> - Solve 2 questions of the 2nd type: 3 + 3 = 6

**Example 2:**

> Input: target = 5, types = [[50,1],[50,2],[50,5]]
> 
> Output: 4
> 
> Explanation: You can earn 5 points in one of the four ways:
> - Solve 5 questions of the 0th type: 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 = 5
> - Solve 3 questions of the 0th type and 1 question of the 1st type: 1 + 1 + 1 + 2 = 5
> - Solve 1 questions of the 0th type and 2 questions of the 1st type: 1 + 2 + 2 = 5
> - Solve 1 question of the 2nd type: 5

**Example 3:**

> Input: target = 18, types = [[6,1],[3,2],[2,3]]
> 
> Output: 1
> 
> Explanation: You can only earn 18 points by answering all questions.

**Constraints:**

  * `1 <= target <= 1000`
  * `n == types.length`
  * `1 <= n <= 50`
  * `types[i].length == 2`
  * `1 <= counti, marksi <= 50`


## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目
- [518. 零钱兑换 II](https://leetcode.com/problems/coin-change-ii)
- [2463. 最小移动总距离](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-total-distance-traveled)

::::
