# [2588. Count the Number of Beautiful Subarrays](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-the-number-of-beautiful-subarrays)

## 题目

You are given a **0-indexed** integer array `nums`. In one operation, you can:

  * Choose two different indices `i` and `j` such that `0 <= i, j < nums.length`.
  * Choose a non-negative integer `k` such that the `kth` bit ( **0-indexed** ) in the binary representation of `nums[i]` and `nums[j]` is `1`.
  * Subtract `2k` from `nums[i]` and `nums[j]`.

A subarray is **beautiful** if it is possible to make all of its elements
equal to `0` after applying the above operation any number of times.

Return _the number of **beautiful subarrays** in the array_ `nums`.

A subarray is a contiguous **non-empty** sequence of elements within an array.



**Example 1:**

    
    
    **Input:** nums = [4,3,1,2,4]
    **Output:** 2
    **Explanation:** There are 2 beautiful subarrays in nums: [4, _3,1,2_ ,4] and [ _4,3,1,2,4_ ].
    - We can make all elements in the subarray [3,1,2] equal to 0 in the following way:
      - Choose [ _3_ , 1, _2_ ] and k = 1. Subtract 21 from both numbers. The subarray becomes [1, 1, 0].
      - Choose [ _1_ , _1_ , 0] and k = 0. Subtract 20 from both numbers. The subarray becomes [0, 0, 0].
    - We can make all elements in the subarray [4,3,1,2,4] equal to 0 in the following way:
      - Choose [ _4_ , 3, 1, 2, _4_ ] and k = 2. Subtract 22 from both numbers. The subarray becomes [0, 3, 1, 2, 0].
      - Choose [0, _3_ , _1_ , 2, 0] and k = 0. Subtract 20 from both numbers. The subarray becomes [0, 2, 0, 2, 0].
      - Choose [0, _2_ , 0, _2_ , 0] and k = 1. Subtract 21 from both numbers. The subarray becomes [0, 0, 0, 0, 0].
    

**Example 2:**

    
    
    **Input:** nums = [1,10,4]
    **Output:** 0
    **Explanation:** There are no beautiful subarrays in nums.
    



**Constraints:**

  * `1 <= nums.length <= 105`
  * `0 <= nums[i] <= 106`


## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目
- [1829. 每个查询的最大异或值](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-xor-for-each-query)
- [2338. 统计理想数组的数目](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-the-number-of-ideal-arrays)

::::
