# [2622. Cache With Time Limit](https://leetcode.com/problems/cache-with-time-limit)

## é¢˜ç›®

Write a class that allows getting and setting key-value pairs, however a
**time until expiration**  is associated with each key.

The class has three public methods:

`set(key, value, duration)`: accepts an integer `key`, an integer `value`, and
a `duration` in milliseconds. Once the `duration` has elapsed, the key should
be inaccessible. The method should return `true` if the same un-expired key
already exists and `false` otherwise. Both the value and duration should be
overwritten if the key already exists.

`get(key)`: if an un-expired key exists, it should return the associated
value. Otherwise it should return `-1`.

`count()`: returns the count of un-expired keys.



**Example 1:**

    
    
    **Input:** 
    actions = ["TimeLimitedCache", "set", "get", "count", "get"]
    values = [[], [1, 42, 100], [1], [], [1]]
    timeDelays = [0, 0, 50, 50, 150]
    **Output:** [null, false, 42, 1, -1]
    **Explanation:**
    At t=0, the cache is constructed.
    At t=0, a key-value pair (1: 42) is added with a time limit of 100ms. The value doesn't exist so false is returned.
    At t=50, key=1 is requested and the value of 42 is returned.
    At t=50, count() is called and there is one active key in the cache.
    At t=100, key=1 expires.
    At t=150, get(1) is called but -1 is returned because the cache is empty.
    

**Example 2:**

    
    
    **Input:** 
    actions = ["TimeLimitedCache", "set", "set", "get", "get", "get", "count"]
    values = [[], [1, 42, 50], [1, 50, 100], [1], [1], [1], []]
    timeDelays = [0, 0, 40, 50, 120, 200, 250]
    **Output:** [null, false, true, 50, 50, -1, 0]
    **Explanation:**
    At t=0, the cache is constructed.
    At t=0, a key-value pair (1: 42) is added with a time limit of 50ms. The value doesn't exist so false is returned.
    At t=40, a key-value pair (1: 50) is added with a time limit of 100ms. A non-expired value already existed so true is returned and the old value was overwritten.
    At t=50, get(1) is called which returned 50.
    At t=120, get(1) is called which returned 50.
    At t=140, key=1 expires.
    At t=200, get(1) is called but the cache is empty so -1 is returned.
    At t=250, count() returns 0 because the cache is empty.
    



**Constraints:**

  * `0 <= key, value <= 109`
  * `0 <= duration <= 1000`
  * `1 <= actions.length <= 100`
  * `actions.length === values.length`
  * `actions.length === timeDelays.length`
  * `0 <= timeDelays[i] <= 1450`
  * `actions[i]` is one of "TimeLimitedCache", "set", "get" and "count"
  * First action is always "TimeLimitedCache" and must be executed immediately, with a 0-millisecond delay


## é¢˜ç›®å¤§æ„

## è§£é¢˜æ€è·¯

## ä»£ç 

```javascript

```

## ç›¸å…³é¢˜ç›®

:::: md-demo ç›¸å…³é¢˜ç›®
- [2627. å‡½æ•°é˜²æŠ–](https://leetcode.com/problems/debounce)
- [2637. æœ‰æ—¶é—´é™åˆ¶çš„ Promise å¯¹è±¡](https://leetcode.com/problems/promise-time-limit)
- [ðŸ”’ Promise Pool](https://leetcode.com/problems/promise-pool)

::::
