# [2623. Memoize](https://leetcode.com/problems/memoize/)

## é¢˜ç›®

Given a function `fn`, return a **memoized** version of that function.

A **memoized **function is a function that will never be called twice with
the same inputs. Instead it will return a cached value.

You can assume there are **3 **possible input functions: `sum` **,**`fib`
**, **and `factorial` **.**

- `sum` \*\* \*\* accepts two integers `a` and `b` and returns `a + b`.
- `fib` \*\* \*\* accepts a single integer `n` and returns `1` if `n <= 1` or `fib(n - 1) + fib(n - 2)` otherwise.
- `factorial` accepts a single integer `n` and returns `1` if `n <= 1` or `factorial(n - 1) * n` otherwise.

**Example 1:**

> Input:
>
> fnName = "sum"
>
> actions = ["call","call","getCallCount","call","getCallCount"]
>
> values = [[2,2],[2,2],[],[1,2],[]]
>
> Output: [4,4,1,3,2]
>
> Explanation:
>
> const sum = (a, b) => a + b;
>
> const memoizedSum = memoize(sum);
>
> memoizedSum(2, 2); // "call" - returns 4. sum() was called as (2, 2) was not seen before.
>
> memoizedSum(2, 2); // "call" - returns 4. However sum() was not called because the same inputs were seen before.
>
> // "getCallCount" - total call count: 1
>
> memoizedSum(1, 2); // "call" - returns 3. sum() was called as (1, 2) was not seen before.
>
> // "getCallCount" - total call count: 2

**Example 2:**

> Input: fnName = "factorial"
>
> actions = ["call","call","call","getCallCount","call","getCallCount"]
>
> values = [[2],[3],[2],[],[3],[]]
>
> Output: [2,6,2,2,6,2]
>
> Explanation:
>
> const factorial = (n) => (n <= 1) ? 1 : (n \* factorial(n - 1));
>
> const memoFactorial = memoize(factorial);
>
> memoFactorial(2); // "call" - returns 2.
>
> memoFactorial(3); // "call" - returns 6.
>
> memoFactorial(2); // "call" - returns 2. However factorial was not called because 2 was seen before.
>
> // "getCallCount" - total call count: 2
>
> memoFactorial(3); // "call" - returns 6. However factorial was not called because 3 was seen before.
>
> // "getCallCount" - total call count: 2

**Example 3:**

> Input: fnName = "fib"
>
> actions = ["call","getCallCount"]
>
> values = [[5],[]]
>
> Output: [8,1]
>
> Explanation: fib(5) = 8 // "call"
>
> // "getCallCount" - total call count: 1

**Constraints:**

- `0 <= a, b <= 105`
- `1 <= n <= 10`
- `0 <= actions.length <= 105`
- `actions.length === values.length`
- `actions[i]` is one of "call" and "getCallCount"
- `fnName` is one of "sum", "factorial" and "fib"

## é¢˜ç›®å¤§æ„

## è§£é¢˜æ€è·¯

## ä»£ç 

```javascript

```

## ç›¸å…³é¢˜ç›®

:::: md-demo ç›¸å…³é¢˜ç›®

- [2620. è®¡æ•°å™¨](https://leetcode.com/problems/counter)
- [ðŸ”’ Curry](https://leetcode.com/problems/curry)
- [2629. å¤åˆå‡½æ•°](https://leetcode.com/problems/function-composition)
- [2630. è®°å¿†å‡½æ•° II](https://leetcode.com/problems/memoize-ii)

::::
