# [2662. Minimum Cost of a Path With Special Roads](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-cost-of-a-path-with-special-roads)

## 题目

You are given an array `start` where `start = [startX, startY]` represents
your initial position `(startX, startY)` in a 2D space. You are also given the
array `target` where `target = [targetX, targetY]` represents your target
position `(targetX, targetY)`.

The cost of going from a position `(x1, y1)` to any other position in the
space `(x2, y2)` is `|x2 - x1| + |y2 - y1|`.

There are also some special roads. You are given a 2D array `specialRoads`
where `specialRoads[i] = [x1i, y1i, x2i, y2i, costi]` indicates that the `ith`
special road can take you from `(x1i, y1i)` to `(x2i, y2i)` with a cost equal
to `costi`. You can use each special road any number of times.

Return _the minimum cost required to go from_ `(startX, startY)` to `(targetX,
targetY)`.



**Example 1:**

> Input: start = [1,1], target = [4,5], specialRoads = [[1,2,3,3,2],[3,4,4,5,1]]
> 
> Output: 5
> 
> Explanation: The optimal path from (1,1) to (4,5) is the following:
> - (1,1) -> (1,2). This move has a cost of |1 - 1| + |2 - 1| = 1.
> - (1,2) -> (3,3). This move uses the first special edge, the cost is 2.
> - (3,3) -> (3,4). This move has a cost of |3 - 3| + |4 - 3| = 1.
> - (3,4) -> (4,5). This move uses the second special edge, the cost is 1.
> 
> So the total cost is 1 + 2 + 1 + 1 = 5.
> 
> It can be shown that we cannot achieve a smaller total cost than 5.

**Example 2:**

> Input: start = [3,2], target = [5,7], specialRoads = [[3,2,3,4,4],[3,3,5,5,5],[3,4,5,6,6]]
> 
> Output: 7
> 
> Explanation: It is optimal to not use any special edges and go directly from the starting to the ending position with a cost |5 - 3| + |7 - 2| = 7.

**Constraints:**

  * `start.length == target.length == 2`
  * `1 <= startX <= targetX <= 105`
  * `1 <= startY <= targetY <= 105`
  * `1 <= specialRoads.length <= 200`
  * `specialRoads[i].length == 5`
  * `startX <= x1i, x2i <= targetX`
  * `startY <= y1i, y2i <= targetY`
  * `1 <= costi <= 105`


## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目
- [64. 最小路径和](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-path-sum)
- [1786. 从第一个节点出发到最后一个节点的受限路径数](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-restricted-paths-from-first-to-last-node)

::::
