# [2663. Lexicographically Smallest Beautiful String](https://leetcode.com/problems/lexicographically-smallest-beautiful-string/)

## 题目

A string is **beautiful** if:

- It consists of the first `k` letters of the English lowercase alphabet.
- It does not contain any substring of length `2` or more which is a palindrome.

You are given a beautiful string `s` of length `n` and a positive integer `k`.

Return _the lexicographically smallest string of length_`n` _, which is larger
than_`s` _and is **beautiful**_. If there is no such string, return an empty
string.

A string `a` is lexicographically larger than a string `b` (of the same
length) if in the first position where `a` and `b` differ, `a` has a character
strictly larger than the corresponding character in `b`.

- For example, `"abcd"` is lexicographically larger than `"abcc"` because the first position they differ is at the fourth character, and `d` is greater than `c`.

**Example 1:**

> Input: s = "abcz", k = 26
>
> Output: "abda"
>
> Explanation: The string "abda" is beautiful and lexicographically larger than the string "abcz".
>
> It can be proven that there is no string that is lexicographically larger than the string "abcz", beautiful, and lexicographically smaller than the string "abda".

**Example 2:**

> Input: s = "dc", k = 4
>
> Output: ""
>
> Explanation: It can be proven that there is no string that is lexicographically larger than the string "dc" and is beautiful.

**Constraints:**

- `1 <= n == s.length <= 10^5`
- `4 <= k <= 26`
- `s` is a beautiful string.

## 题目大意

## 解题思路

#### 复杂度分析

- **时间复杂度**：`O()`
- **空间复杂度**：`O()`

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目

- [1202. 交换字符串中的元素](https://leetcode.com/problems/smallest-string-with-swaps)
- [2217. 找到指定长度的回文数](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-palindrome-with-fixed-length)

::::
