# [2732. Find a Good Subset of the Matrix](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-a-good-subset-of-the-matrix)

## 题目

You are given a **0-indexed** `m x n` binary matrix `grid`.

Let us call a **non-empty** subset of rows **good** if the sum of each column
of the subset is at most half of the length of the subset.

More formally, if the length of the chosen subset of rows is `k`, then the sum
of each column should be at most `floor(k / 2)`.

Return _an integer array that contains row indices of a good subset sorted in
**ascending** order._

If there are multiple good subsets, you can return any of them. If there are
no good subsets, return an empty array.

A **subset** of rows of the matrix `grid` is any matrix that can be obtained
by deleting some (possibly none or all) rows from `grid`.



**Example 1:**

    
    
    **Input:** grid = [[0,1,1,0],[0,0,0,1],[1,1,1,1]]
    **Output:** [0,1]
    **Explanation:** We can choose the 0th and 1st rows to create a good subset of rows.
    The length of the chosen subset is 2.
    - The sum of the 0th column is 0 + 0 = 0, which is at most half of the length of the subset.
    - The sum of the 1st column is 1 + 0 = 1, which is at most half of the length of the subset.
    - The sum of the 2nd column is 1 + 0 = 1, which is at most half of the length of the subset.
    - The sum of the 3rd column is 0 + 1 = 1, which is at most half of the length of the subset.
    

**Example 2:**

    
    
    **Input:** grid = [[0]]
    **Output:** [0]
    **Explanation:** We can choose the 0th row to create a good subset of rows.
    The length of the chosen subset is 1.
    - The sum of the 0th column is 0, which is at most half of the length of the subset.
    

**Example 3:**

    
    
    **Input:** grid = [[1,1,1],[1,1,1]]
    **Output:** []
    **Explanation:** It is impossible to choose any subset of rows to create a good subset.
    



**Constraints:**

  * `m == grid.length`
  * `n == grid[i].length`
  * `1 <= m <= 104`
  * `1 <= n <= 5`
  * `grid[i][j]` is either `0` or `1`.


## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```
