# [2736. Maximum Sum Queries](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-sum-queries)

## 题目

You are given two **0-indexed** integer arrays `nums1` and `nums2`, each of
length `n`, and a **1-indexed 2D array** `queries` where `queries[i] = [xi,
yi]`.

For the `ith` query, find the **maximum value** of `nums1[j] + nums2[j]` among
all indices `j` `(0 <= j < n)`, where `nums1[j] >= xi` and `nums2[j] >= yi`,
or **-1** if there is no `j` satisfying the constraints.

Return _an array_`answer` _where_`answer[i]` _is the answer to the_`ith`
_query._



**Example 1:**

> Input: nums1 = [4,3,1,2], nums2 = [2,4,9,5], queries = [[4,1],[1,3],[2,5]]
> 
> Output: [6,10,7]
> 
> Explanation: 
> 
> For the 1st query xi = 4 and yi = 1, we can select index j = 0 since nums1[j] >= 4 and nums2[j] >= 1. The sum nums1[j] + nums2[j] is 6, and we can show that 6 is the maximum we can obtain.
> 
> 
> 
> For the 2nd query xi = 1 and yi = 3, we can select index j = 2 since nums1[j] >= 1 and nums2[j] >= 3. The sum nums1[j] + nums2[j] is 10, and we can show that 10 is the maximum we can obtain. 
> 
> 
> 
> For the 3rd query xi = 2 and yi = 5, we can select index j = 3 since nums1[j] >= 2 and nums2[j] >= 5. The sum nums1[j] + nums2[j] is 7, and we can show that 7 is the maximum we can obtain.
> 
> 
> 
> Therefore, we return [6,10,7].

**Example 2:**

> Input: nums1 = [3,2,5], nums2 = [2,3,4], queries = [[4,4],[3,2],[1,1]]
> 
> Output: [9,9,9]
> 
> Explanation: For this example, we can use index j = 2 for all the queries since it satisfies the constraints for each query.

**Example 3:**

> Input: nums1 = [2,1], nums2 = [2,3], queries = [[3,3]]
> 
> Output: [-1]
> 
> Explanation: There is one query in this example with xi = 3 and yi = 3. For every index, j, either nums1[j] < xi or nums2[j] < yi. Hence, there is no solution. 

**Constraints:**

  * `nums1.length == nums2.length` 
  * `n == nums1.length `
  * `1 <= n <= 105`
  * `1 <= nums1[i], nums2[i] <= 109 `
  * `1 <= queries.length <= 105`
  * `queries[i].length == 2`
  * `xi == queries[i][1]`
  * `yi == queries[i][2]`
  * `1 <= xi, yi <= 109`


## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目
- [2070. 每一个查询的最大美丽值](https://leetcode.com/problems/most-beautiful-item-for-each-query)

::::
