# [2813. Maximum Elegance of a K-Length Subsequence](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-elegance-of-a-k-length-subsequence/)

## 题目

You are given a **0-indexed** 2D integer array `items` of length `n` and an
integer `k`.

`items[i] = [profiti, categoryi]`, where `profiti` and `categoryi` denote the
profit and category of the `ith` item respectively.

Let's define the **elegance** of a **subsequence** of `items` as `total_profit
+ distinct_categories2`, where `total_profit` is the sum of all profits in the
subsequence, and `distinct_categories` is the number of **distinct**
categories from all the categories in the selected subsequence.

Your task is to find the **maximum elegance** from all subsequences of size
`k` in `items`.

Return _an integer denoting the maximum elegance of a subsequence of_`items`
_with size exactly_`k`.

**Note:** A subsequence of an array is a new array generated from the original
array by deleting some elements (possibly none) without changing the remaining
elements' relative order.



**Example 1:**

> Input: items = [[3,2],[5,1],[10,1]], k = 2
> 
> Output: 17
> 
> Explanation: In this example, we have to select a subsequence of size 2.
> 
> We can select items[0] = [3,2] and items[2] = [10,1].
> 
> The total profit in this subsequence is 3 + 10 = 13, and the subsequence contains 2 distinct categories [2,1].
> 
> Hence, the elegance is 13 + 22 = 17, and we can show that it is the maximum achievable elegance. 

**Example 2:**

> Input: items = [[3,1],[3,1],[2,2],[5,3]], k = 3
> 
> Output: 19
> 
> Explanation: In this example, we have to select a subsequence of size 3. 
> 
> We can select items[0] = [3,1], items[2] = [2,2], and items[3] = [5,3]. 
> 
> The total profit in this subsequence is 3 + 2 + 5 = 10, and the subsequence contains 3 distinct categories [1,2,3]. 
> 
> Hence, the elegance is 10 + 32 = 19, and we can show that it is the maximum achievable elegance.

**Example 3:**

> Input: items = [[1,1],[2,1],[3,1]], k = 3
> 
> Output: 7
> 
> Explanation: In this example, we have to select a subsequence of size 3. 
> 
> We should select all the items. 
> 
> The total profit will be 1 + 2 + 3 = 6, and the subsequence contains 1 distinct category [1]. 
> 
> Hence, the maximum elegance is 6 + 12 = 7.  



**Constraints:**

  * `1 <= items.length == n <= 105`
  * `items[i].length == 2`
  * `items[i][0] == profiti`
  * `items[i][1] == categoryi`
  * `1 <= profiti <= 109`
  * `1 <= categoryi <= n `
  * `1 <= k <= n`


## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目
- [502. IPO](https://leetcode.com/problems/ipo)

::::
