# [2842. Count K-Subsequences of a String With Maximum Beauty](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-k-subsequences-of-a-string-with-maximum-beauty/)

## 题目

You are given a string `s` and an integer `k`.

A **k-subsequence** is a **subsequence** of `s`, having length `k`, and all
its characters are **unique** , **i.e**., every character occurs once.

Let `f(c)` denote the number of times the character `c` occurs in `s`.

The **beauty** of a **k-subsequence** is the **sum** of `f(c)` for every
character `c` in the k-subsequence.

For example, consider `s = "abbbdd"` and `k = 2`:

- `f('a') = 1`, `f('b') = 3`, `f('d') = 2`
- Some k-subsequences of `s` are:
  > - `" _ **ab**_ bbdd"` -> `"ab"` having a beauty of `f('a') + f('b') = 4`
  >
  > - `" _ **a**_ bbb ** _d_** d"` -> `"ad"` having a beauty of `f('a') + f('d') = 3`
  >
  > - `"a ** _b_** bb _ **d**_ d"` -> `"bd"` having a beauty of `f('b') + f('d') = 5`

Return _an integer denoting the number of k-subsequences_ _whose **beauty** is
the **maximum** among all **k-subsequences**_. Since the answer may be too
large, return it modulo `10^9 + 7`.

A subsequence of a string is a new string formed from the original string by
deleting some (possibly none) of the characters without disturbing the
relative positions of the remaining characters.

**Notes**

- `f(c)` is the number of times a character `c` occurs in `s`, not a k-subsequence.
- Two k-subsequences are considered different if one is formed by an index that is not present in the other. So, two k-subsequences may form the same string.

**Example 1:**

> Input: s = "bcca", k = 2
>
> Output: 4
>
> Explanation: From s we have f('a') = 1, f('b') = 1, and f('c') = 2.
>
> The k-subsequences of s are:
>
> **_bc_** ca having a beauty of f('b') + f('c') = 3
>
> **_b_** c _ **c**_ a having a beauty of f('b') + f('c') = 3
>
> **_b_** cc ** _a_** having a beauty of f('b') + f('a') = 2
>
> b ** _c_** c _ **a**_ \*\*\*\* having a beauty of f('c') + f('a') = 3
>
> bc ** _ca_** having a beauty of f('c') + f('a') = 3
>
> There are 4 k-subsequences that have the maximum beauty, 3.
>
> Hence, the answer is 4.

**Example 2:**

> Input: s = "abbcd", k = 4
>
> Output: 2
>
> Explanation: From s we have f('a') = 1, f('b') = 2, f('c') = 1, and f('d') = 1.
>
> The k-subsequences of s are:
>
> _**ab**_ b ** _cd_** having a beauty of f('a') + f('b') + f('c') + f('d') = 5
>
> _**a**_ b _ **bcd**_ having a beauty of f('a') + f('b') + f('c') + f('d') = 5
>
> There are 2 k-subsequences that have the maximum beauty, 5.
>
> Hence, the answer is 2.

**Constraints:**

- `1 <= s.length <= 2 * 10^5`
- `1 <= k <= s.length`
- `s` consists only of lowercase English letters.

## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目

- [940. 不同的子序列 II](https://leetcode.com/problems/distinct-subsequences-ii)

::::
