# [2861. Maximum Number of Alloys](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-number-of-alloys)

## 题目

You are the owner of a company that creates alloys using various types of
metals. There are `n` different types of metals available, and you have access
to `k` machines that can be used to create alloys. Each machine requires a
specific amount of each metal type to create an alloy.

For the `ith` machine to create an alloy, it needs `composition[i][j]` units
of metal of type `j`. Initially, you have `stock[i]` units of metal type `i`,
and purchasing one unit of metal type `i` costs `cost[i]` coins.

Given integers `n`, `k`, `budget`, a **1-indexed** 2D array `composition`, and
**1-indexed** arrays `stock` and `cost`, your goal is to **maximize** the
number of alloys the company can create while staying within the budget of
`budget` coins.

**All alloys must be created with the same machine.**

Return _the maximum number of alloys that the company can create_.



**Example 1:**

> Input: n = 3, k = 2, budget = 15, composition = [[1,1,1],[1,1,10]], stock = [0,0,0], cost = [1,2,3]
> 
> Output: 2
> 
> Explanation: It is optimal to use the 1st machine to create alloys.
> 
> To create 2 alloys we need to buy the:
> - 2 units of metal of the 1st type.
> - 2 units of metal of the 2nd type.
> - 2 units of metal of the 3rd type.
> 
> In total, we need 2 * 1 + 2 * 2 + 2 * 3 = 12 coins, which is smaller than or equal to budget = 15.
> 
> Notice that we have 0 units of metal of each type and we have to buy all the required units of metal.
> 
> It can be proven that we can create at most 2 alloys.

**Example 2:**

> Input: n = 3, k = 2, budget = 15, composition = [[1,1,1],[1,1,10]], stock = [0,0,100], cost = [1,2,3]
> 
> Output: 5
> 
> Explanation: It is optimal to use the 2nd machine to create alloys.
> 
> To create 5 alloys we need to buy:
> - 5 units of metal of the 1st type.
> - 5 units of metal of the 2nd type.
> - 0 units of metal of the 3rd type.
> 
> In total, we need 5 * 1 + 5 * 2 + 0 * 3 = 15 coins, which is smaller than or equal to budget = 15.
> 
> It can be proven that we can create at most 5 alloys.

**Example 3:**

> Input: n = 2, k = 3, budget = 10, composition = [[2,1],[1,2],[1,1]], stock = [1,1], cost = [5,5]
> 
> Output: 2
> 
> Explanation: It is optimal to use the 3rd machine to create alloys.
> 
> To create 2 alloys we need to buy the:
> - 1 unit of metal of the 1st type.
> - 1 unit of metal of the 2nd type.
> 
> In total, we need 1 * 5 + 1 * 5 = 10 coins, which is smaller than or equal to budget = 10.
> 
> It can be proven that we can create at most 2 alloys.

**Constraints:**

  * `1 <= n, k <= 100`
  * `0 <= budget <= 108`
  * `composition.length == k`
  * `composition[i].length == n`
  * `1 <= composition[i][j] <= 100`
  * `stock.length == cost.length == n`
  * `0 <= stock[i] <= 108`
  * `1 <= cost[i] <= 100`


## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目

::::
