# [2931. Maximum Spending After Buying Items](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-spending-after-buying-items)

## 题目

You are given a **0-indexed** `m * n` integer matrix `values`, representing
the values of `m * n` different items in `m` different shops. Each shop has
`n` items where the `jth` item in the `ith` shop has a value of
`values[i][j]`. Additionally, the items in the `ith` shop are sorted in non-
increasing order of value. That is, `values[i][j] >= values[i][j + 1]` for all
`0 <= j < n - 1`.

On each day, you would like to buy a single item from one of the shops.
Specifically, On the `dth` day you can:

  * Pick any shop `i`.
  * Buy the rightmost available item `j` for the price of `values[i][j] * d`. That is, find the greatest index `j` such that item `j` was never bought before, and buy it for the price of `values[i][j] * d`.

**Note** that all items are pairwise different. For example, if you have
bought item `0` from shop `1`, you can still buy item `0` from any other shop.

Return _the **maximum amount of money that can be spent** on buying all _ `m *
n` _products_.



**Example 1:**

> Input: values = [[8,5,2],[6,4,1],[9,7,3]]
> 
> Output: 285
> 
> Explanation: On the first day, we buy product 2 from shop 1 for a price of values[1][2] * 1 = 1.
> 
> On the second day, we buy product 2 from shop 0 for a price of values[0][2] * 2 = 4.
> 
> On the third day, we buy product 2 from shop 2 for a price of values[2][2] * 3 = 9.
> 
> On the fourth day, we buy product 1 from shop 1 for a price of values[1][1] * 4 = 16.
> 
> On the fifth day, we buy product 1 from shop 0 for a price of values[0][1] * 5 = 25.
> 
> On the sixth day, we buy product 0 from shop 1 for a price of values[1][0] * 6 = 36.
> 
> On the seventh day, we buy product 1 from shop 2 for a price of values[2][1] * 7 = 49.
> 
> On the eighth day, we buy product 0 from shop 0 for a price of values[0][0] * 8 = 64.
> 
> On the ninth day, we buy product 0 from shop 2 for a price of values[2][0] * 9 = 81.
> 
> Hence, our total spending is equal to 285.
> 
> It can be shown that 285 is the maximum amount of money that can be spent buying all m * n products. 

**Example 2:**

> Input: values = [[10,8,6,4,2],[9,7,5,3,2]]
> 
> Output: 386
> 
> Explanation: On the first day, we buy product 4 from shop 0 for a price of values[0][4] * 1 = 2.
> 
> On the second day, we buy product 4 from shop 1 for a price of values[1][4] * 2 = 4.
> 
> On the third day, we buy product 3 from shop 1 for a price of values[1][3] * 3 = 9.
> 
> On the fourth day, we buy product 3 from shop 0 for a price of values[0][3] * 4 = 16.
> 
> On the fifth day, we buy product 2 from shop 1 for a price of values[1][2] * 5 = 25.
> 
> On the sixth day, we buy product 2 from shop 0 for a price of values[0][2] * 6 = 36.
> 
> On the seventh day, we buy product 1 from shop 1 for a price of values[1][1] * 7 = 49.
> 
> On the eighth day, we buy product 1 from shop 0 for a price of values[0][1] * 8 = 64
> 
> On the ninth day, we buy product 0 from shop 1 for a price of values[1][0] * 9 = 81.
> 
> On the tenth day, we buy product 0 from shop 0 for a price of values[0][0] * 10 = 100.
> 
> Hence, our total spending is equal to 386.
> 
> It can be shown that 386 is the maximum amount of money that can be spent buying all m * n products.

**Constraints:**

  * `1 <= m == values.length <= 10`
  * `1 <= n == values[i].length <= 104`
  * `1 <= values[i][j] <= 106`
  * `values[i]` are sorted in non-increasing order.


## 题目大意

## 解题思路

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目
- [1423. 可获得的最大点数](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-points-you-can-obtain-from-cards)
- [1770. 执行乘法运算的最大分数](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-score-from-performing-multiplication-operations)

::::
