# [2957. Remove Adjacent Almost-Equal Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-adjacent-almost-equal-characters/)

## 题目

You are given a **0-indexed** string `word`.

In one operation, you can pick any index `i` of `word` and change `word[i]` to
any lowercase English letter.

Return _the**minimum** number of operations needed to remove all adjacent
**almost-equal** characters from_ `word`.

Two characters `a` and `b` are **almost-equal** if `a == b` or `a` and `b` are
adjacent in the alphabet.

**Example 1:**

> Input: word = "aaaaa"
>
> Output: 2
>
> Explanation: We can change word into "a** _c_** a _**c**_ a" which does not have any adjacent almost-equal characters.
>
> It can be shown that the minimum number of operations needed to remove all adjacent almost-equal characters from word is 2.

**Example 2:**

> Input: word = "abddez"
>
> Output: 2
>
> Explanation: We can change word into "**_y_** bd _**o**_ ez" which does not have any adjacent almost-equal characters.
>
> It can be shown that the minimum number of operations needed to remove all adjacent almost-equal characters from word is 2.

**Example 3:**

> Input: word = "zyxyxyz"
>
> Output: 3
>
> Explanation: We can change word into "z _**a**_ x _**a**_ x** _a_** z" which does not have any adjacent almost-equal characters.
>
> It can be shown that the minimum number of operations needed to remove all adjacent almost-equal characters from word is 3.

**Constraints:**

- `1 <= word.length <= 100`
- `word` consists only of lowercase English letters.

## 题目大意

## 解题思路

#### 复杂度分析

- **时间复杂度**：`O()`
- **空间复杂度**：`O()`

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目

- [1758. 生成交替二进制字符串的最少操作数](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-changes-to-make-alternating-binary-string)

::::
