# [2976. Minimum Cost to Convert String I](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-cost-to-convert-string-i/)

## 题目

You are given two **0-indexed** strings `source` and `target`, both of length
`n` and consisting of **lowercase** English letters. You are also given two
**0-indexed** character arrays `original` and `changed`, and an integer array
`cost`, where `cost[i]` represents the cost of changing the character
`original[i]` to the character `changed[i]`.

You start with the string `source`. In one operation, you can pick a character
`x` from the string and change it to the character `y` at a cost of `z` **if**
there exists **any** index `j` such that `cost[j] == z`, `original[j] == x`,
and `changed[j] == y`.

Return _the**minimum** cost to convert the string _`source` _to the
string_`target` _using**any** number of operations. If it is impossible to
convert_ `source` _to_ `target`, _return_ `-1`.

**Note** that there may exist indices `i`, `j` such that `original[j] ==
original[i]` and `changed[j] == changed[i]`.

**Example 1:**

> Input: source = "abcd", target = "acbe", original = ["a","b","c","c","e","d"], changed = ["b","c","b","e","b","e"], cost = [2,5,5,1,2,20]
>
> Output: 28
>
> Explanation: To convert the string "abcd" to string "acbe":
>
> - Change value at index 1 from 'b' to 'c' at a cost of 5.
> - Change value at index 2 from 'c' to 'e' at a cost of 1.
> - Change value at index 2 from 'e' to 'b' at a cost of 2.
> - Change value at index 3 from 'd' to 'e' at a cost of 20.
>
> The total cost incurred is 5 + 1 + 2 + 20 = 28.
>
> It can be shown that this is the minimum possible cost.

**Example 2:**

> Input: source = "aaaa", target = "bbbb", original = ["a","c"], changed = ["c","b"], cost = [1,2]
>
> Output: 12
>
> Explanation: To change the character 'a' to 'b' change the character 'a' to 'c' at a cost of 1, followed by changing the character 'c' to 'b' at a cost of 2, for a total cost of 1 + 2 = 3. To change all occurrences of 'a' to 'b', a total cost of 3 \* 4 = 12 is incurred.

**Example 3:**

> Input: source = "abcd", target = "abce", original = ["a"], changed = ["e"], cost = [10000]
>
> Output: -1
>
> Explanation: It is impossible to convert source to target because the value at index 3 cannot be changed from 'd' to 'e'.

**Constraints:**

- `1 <= source.length == target.length <= 10^5`
- `source`, `target` consist of lowercase English letters.
- `1 <= cost.length == original.length == changed.length <= 2000`
- `original[i]`, `changed[i]` are lowercase English letters.
- `1 <= cost[i] <= 10^6`
- `original[i] != changed[i]`

## 题目大意

## 解题思路

#### 复杂度分析

- **时间复杂度**：`O()`
- **空间复杂度**：`O()`

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目

- [1540. K 次操作转变字符串](https://leetcode.com/problems/can-convert-string-in-k-moves)
- [2027. 转换字符串的最少操作次数](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-moves-to-convert-string)

::::
