# [2977. Minimum Cost to Convert String II](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-cost-to-convert-string-ii/)

## é¢˜ç›®

You are given two **0-indexed** strings `source` and `target`, both of length
`n` and consisting of **lowercase** English characters. You are also given two
**0-indexed** string arrays `original` and `changed`, and an integer array
`cost`, where `cost[i]` represents the cost of converting the string
`original[i]` to the string `changed[i]`.

You start with the string `source`. In one operation, you can pick a
**substring** `x` from the string, and change it to `y` at a cost of `z`
**if** there exists **any** index `j` such that `cost[j] == z`, `original[j]
== x`, and `changed[j] == y`. You are allowed to do **any** number of
operations, but any pair of operations must satisfy **either** of these two
conditions:

- The substrings picked in the operations are `source[a..b]` and `source[c..d]` with either `b < c` **or** `d < a`. In other words, the indices picked in both operations are **disjoint**.
- The substrings picked in the operations are `source[a..b]` and `source[c..d]` with `a == c` **and** `b == d`. In other words, the indices picked in both operations are **identical**.

Return _the**minimum** cost to convert the string _`source` _to the
string_`target` _using**any** number of operations_. _If it is impossible to
convert_ `source` _to_ `target`,_return_ `-1`.

**Note** that there may exist indices `i`, `j` such that `original[j] ==
original[i]` and `changed[j] == changed[i]`.

**Example 1:**

> Input: source = "abcd", target = "acbe", original = ["a","b","c","c","e","d"], changed = ["b","c","b","e","b","e"], cost = [2,5,5,1,2,20]
>
> Output: 28
>
> Explanation: To convert "abcd" to "acbe", do the following operations:
>
> - Change substring source[1..1] from "b" to "c" at a cost of 5.
> - Change substring source[2..2] from "c" to "e" at a cost of 1.
> - Change substring source[2..2] from "e" to "b" at a cost of 2.
> - Change substring source[3..3] from "d" to "e" at a cost of 20.
>
> The total cost incurred is 5 + 1 + 2 + 20 = 28.
>
> It can be shown that this is the minimum possible cost.

**Example 2:**

> Input: source = "abcdefgh", target = "acdeeghh", original = ["bcd","fgh","thh"], changed = ["cde","thh","ghh"], cost = [1,3,5]
>
> Output: 9
>
> Explanation: To convert "abcdefgh" to "acdeeghh", do the following operations:
>
> - Change substring source[1..3] from "bcd" to "cde" at a cost of 1.
> - Change substring source[5..7] from "fgh" to "thh" at a cost of 3. We can do this operation because indices [5,7] are disjoint with indices picked in the first operation.
> - Change substring source[5..7] from "thh" to "ghh" at a cost of 5. We can do this operation because indices [5,7] are disjoint with indices picked in the first operation, and identical with indices picked in the second operation.
>
> The total cost incurred is 1 + 3 + 5 = 9.
>
> It can be shown that this is the minimum possible cost.

**Example 3:**

> Input: source = "abcdefgh", target = "addddddd", original = ["bcd","defgh"], changed = ["ddd","ddddd"], cost = [100,1578]
>
> Output: -1
>
> Explanation: It is impossible to convert "abcdefgh" to "addddddd".
>
> If you select substring source[1..3] as the first operation to change "abcdefgh" to "adddefgh", you cannot select substring source[3..7] as the second operation because it has a common index, 3, with the first operation.
>
> If you select substring source[3..7] as the first operation to change "abcdefgh" to "abcddddd", you cannot select substring source[1..3] as the second operation because it has a common index, 3, with the first operation.

**Constraints:**

- `1 <= source.length == target.length <= 1000`
- `source`, `target` consist only of lowercase English characters.
- `1 <= cost.length == original.length == changed.length <= 100`
- `1 <= original[i].length == changed[i].length <= source.length`
- `original[i]`, `changed[i]` consist only of lowercase English characters.
- `original[i] != changed[i]`
- `1 <= cost[i] <= 10^6`

## é¢˜ç›®å¤§æ„

## è§£é¢˜æ€è·¯

#### å¤æ‚åº¦åˆ†æž

- **æ—¶é—´å¤æ‚åº¦**ï¼š`O()`
- **ç©ºé—´å¤æ‚åº¦**ï¼š`O()`

## ä»£ç 

```javascript

```

## ç›¸å…³é¢˜ç›®

:::: md-demo ç›¸å…³é¢˜ç›®

- [1540. K æ¬¡æ“ä½œè½¬å˜å­—ç¬¦ä¸²](https://leetcode.com/problems/can-convert-string-in-k-moves)
- [2027. è½¬æ¢å­—ç¬¦ä¸²çš„æœ€å°‘æ“ä½œæ¬¡æ•°](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-moves-to-convert-string)
- [ðŸ”’ Minimum Number of Valid Strings to Form Target II](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-number-of-valid-strings-to-form-target-ii)
- [ðŸ”’ Minimum Number of Valid Strings to Form Target I](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-number-of-valid-strings-to-form-target-i)

::::
