# [3003. Maximize the Number of Partitions After Operations](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximize-the-number-of-partitions-after-operations/)

## 题目

You are given a string `s` and an integer `k`.

First, you are allowed to change **at most** **one** index in `s` to another
lowercase English letter.

After that, do the following partitioning operation until `s` is **empty** :

- Choose the **longest** **prefix** of `s` containing at most `k` **distinct** characters.
- **Delete** the prefix from `s` and increase the number of partitions by one. The remaining characters (if any) in `s` maintain their initial order.

Return an integer denoting the **maximum** number of resulting partitions
after the operations by optimally choosing at most one index to change.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** s = "accca", k = 2

**Output:** 3

**Explanation:**

The optimal way is to change `s[2]` to something other than a and c, for
example, b. then it becomes `"acbca"`.

Then we perform the operations:

1. The longest prefix containing at most 2 distinct characters is `"ac"`, we remove it and `s` becomes `"bca"`.
2. Now The longest prefix containing at most 2 distinct characters is `"bc"`, so we remove it and `s` becomes `"a"`.
3. Finally, we remove `"a"` and `s` becomes empty, so the procedure ends.

Doing the operations, the string is divided into 3 partitions, so the answer
is 3.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** s = "aabaab", k = 3

**Output:** 1

**Explanation:**

Initially `s` contains 2 distinct characters, so whichever character we
change, it will contain at most 3 distinct characters, so the longest prefix
with at most 3 distinct characters would always be all of it, therefore the
answer is 1.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** s = "xxyz", k = 1

**Output:** 4

**Explanation:**

The optimal way is to change `s[0]` or `s[1]` to something other than
characters in `s`, for example, to change `s[0]` to `w`.

Then `s` becomes `"wxyz"`, which consists of 4 distinct characters, so as `k`
is 1, it will divide into 4 partitions.

**Constraints:**

- `1 <= s.length <= 10^4`
- `s` consists only of lowercase English letters.
- `1 <= k <= 26`

## 题目大意

## 解题思路

#### 复杂度分析

- **时间复杂度**：`O()`
- **空间复杂度**：`O()`

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目

- [1177. 构建回文串检测](https://leetcode.com/problems/can-make-palindrome-from-substring)

::::
