# [3013. Divide an Array Into Subarrays With Minimum Cost II](https://leetcode.com/problems/divide-an-array-into-subarrays-with-minimum-cost-ii/)

## 题目

You are given a **0-indexed** array of integers `nums` of length `n`, and two
**positive** integers `k` and `dist`.

The **cost** of an array is the value of its **first** element. For example,
the cost of `[1,2,3]` is `1` while the cost of `[3,4,1]` is `3`.

You need to divide `nums` into `k` **disjoint contiguous** subarrays, such
that the difference between the starting index of the **second** subarray and
the starting index of the `kth` subarray should be **less than or equal to**
`dist`. In other words, if you divide `nums` into the subarrays `nums[0..(i1 -
1)], nums[i1..(i2 - 1)], ..., nums[ik-1..(n - 1)]`, then `ik-1 - i1 <= dist`.

Return _the**minimum** possible sum of the cost of these_ _subarrays_.

**Example 1:**

> Input: nums = [1,3,2,6,4,2], k = 3, dist = 3
>
> Output: 5
>
> Explanation: The best possible way to divide nums into 3 subarrays is: [1,3], [2,6,4], and [2]. This choice is valid because ik-1 - i1 is 5 - 2 = 3 which is equal to dist. The total cost is nums[0] + nums[2] + nums[5] which is 1 + 2 + 2 = 5.
>
> It can be shown that there is no possible way to divide nums into 3 subarrays at a cost lower than 5.

**Example 2:**

> Input: nums = [10,1,2,2,2,1], k = 4, dist = 3
>
> Output: 15
>
> Explanation: The best possible way to divide nums into 4 subarrays is: [10], [1], [2], and [2,2,1]. This choice is valid because ik-1 - i1 is 3 - 1 = 2 which is less than dist. The total cost is nums[0] + nums[1] + nums[2] + nums[3] which is 10 + 1 + 2 + 2 = 15.
>
> The division [10], [1], [2,2,2], and [1] is not valid, because the difference between ik-1 and i1 is 5 - 1 = 4, which is greater than dist.
>
> It can be shown that there is no possible way to divide nums into 4 subarrays at a cost lower than 15.

**Example 3:**

> Input: nums = [10,8,18,9], k = 3, dist = 1
>
> Output: 36
>
> Explanation: The best possible way to divide nums into 4 subarrays is: [10], [8], and [18,9]. This choice is valid because ik-1 - i1 is 2 - 1 = 1 which is equal to dist.The total cost is nums[0] + nums[1] + nums[2] which is 10 + 8 + 18 = 36.
>
> The division [10], [8,18], and [9] is not valid, because the difference between ik-1 and i1 is 3 - 1 = 2, which is greater than dist.
>
> It can be shown that there is no possible way to divide nums into 3 subarrays at a cost lower than 36.

**Constraints:**

- `3 <= n <= 10^5`
- `1 <= nums[i] <= 10^9`
- `3 <= k <= n`
- `k - 2 <= dist <= n - 2`

## 题目大意

## 解题思路

#### 复杂度分析

- **时间复杂度**：`O()`
- **空间复杂度**：`O()`

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目

- [1547. 切棍子的最小成本](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-cost-to-cut-a-stick)
- [2547. 拆分数组的最小代价](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-cost-to-split-an-array)

::::
