# [3045. Count Prefix and Suffix Pairs II](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-prefix-and-suffix-pairs-ii/)

## 题目

You are given a **0-indexed** string array `words`.

Let's define a **boolean** function `isPrefixAndSuffix` that takes two
strings, `str1` and `str2`:

- `isPrefixAndSuffix(str1, str2)` returns `true` if `str1` is **both** a prefix and a suffix of `str2`, and `false` otherwise.

For example, `isPrefixAndSuffix("aba", "ababa")` is `true` because `"aba"` is
a prefix of `"ababa"` and also a suffix, but `isPrefixAndSuffix("abc",
"abcd")` is `false`.

Return _an integer denoting the**number** of index pairs _`(i _,_ j)`_such
that_`i < j` _, and_`isPrefixAndSuffix(words[i], words[j])`_is_`true` _._

**Example 1:**

> Input: words = ["a","aba","ababa","aa"]
>
> Output: 4
>
> Explanation: In this example, the counted index pairs are:
>
> i = 0 and j = 1 because isPrefixAndSuffix("a", "aba") is true.
>
> i = 0 and j = 2 because isPrefixAndSuffix("a", "ababa") is true.
>
> i = 0 and j = 3 because isPrefixAndSuffix("a", "aa") is true.
>
> i = 1 and j = 2 because isPrefixAndSuffix("aba", "ababa") is true.
>
> Therefore, the answer is 4.

**Example 2:**

> Input: words = ["pa","papa","ma","mama"]
>
> Output: 2
>
> Explanation: In this example, the counted index pairs are:
>
> i = 0 and j = 1 because isPrefixAndSuffix("pa", "papa") is true.
>
> i = 2 and j = 3 because isPrefixAndSuffix("ma", "mama") is true.
>
> Therefore, the answer is 2.

**Example 3:**

> Input: words = ["abab","ab"]
>
> Output: 0
>
> Explanation: In this example, the only valid index pair is i = 0 and j = 1, and isPrefixAndSuffix("abab", "ab") is false.
>
> Therefore, the answer is 0.

**Constraints:**

- `1 <= words.length <= 10^5`
- `1 <= words[i].length <= 10^5`
- `words[i]` consists only of lowercase English letters.
- The sum of the lengths of all `words[i]` does not exceed `5 * 10^5`.

## 题目大意

## 解题思路

#### 复杂度分析

- **时间复杂度**：`O()`
- **空间复杂度**：`O()`

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目

- [208. 实现 Trie (前缀树)](./0208.md)
- [211. 添加与搜索单词 - 数据结构设计](./0211.md)

::::
