# [3072. Distribute Elements Into Two Arrays II](https://leetcode.com/problems/distribute-elements-into-two-arrays-ii/)

## 题目

You are given a **1-indexed** array of integers `nums` of length `n`.

We define a function `greaterCount` such that `greaterCount(arr, val)` returns
the number of elements in `arr` that are **strictly greater** than `val`.

You need to distribute all the elements of `nums` between two arrays `arr1`
and `arr2` using `n` operations. In the first operation, append `nums[1]` to
`arr1`. In the second operation, append `nums[2]` to `arr2`. Afterwards, in
the `ith` operation:

- If `greaterCount(arr1, nums[i]) > greaterCount(arr2, nums[i])`, append `nums[i]` to `arr1`.
- If `greaterCount(arr1, nums[i]) < greaterCount(arr2, nums[i])`, append `nums[i]` to `arr2`.
- If `greaterCount(arr1, nums[i]) == greaterCount(arr2, nums[i])`, append `nums[i]` to the array with a **lesser** number of elements.
- If there is still a tie, append `nums[i]` to `arr1`.

The array `result` is formed by concatenating the arrays `arr1` and `arr2`.
For example, if `arr1 == [1,2,3]` and `arr2 == [4,5,6]`, then `result =
[1,2,3,4,5,6]`.

Return _the integer array_ `result`.

**Example 1:**

> Input: nums = [2,1,3,3]
>
> Output: [2,3,1,3]
>
> Explanation: After the first 2 operations, arr1 = [2] and arr2 = [1].
>
> In the 3rd operation, the number of elements greater than 3 is zero in both arrays. Also, the lengths are equal, hence, append nums[3] to arr1.
>
> In the 4th operation, the number of elements greater than 3 is zero in both arrays. As the length of arr2 is lesser, hence, append nums[4] to arr2.
>
> After 4 operations, arr1 = [2,3] and arr2 = [1,3].
>
> Hence, the array result formed by concatenation is [2,3,1,3].

**Example 2:**

> Input: nums = [5,14,3,1,2]
>
> Output: [5,3,1,2,14]
>
> Explanation: After the first 2 operations, arr1 = [5] and arr2 = [14].
>
> In the 3rd operation, the number of elements greater than 3 is one in both arrays. Also, the lengths are equal, hence, append nums[3] to arr1.
>
> In the 4th operation, the number of elements greater than 1 is greater in arr1 than arr2 (2 > 1). Hence, append nums[4] to arr1.
>
> In the 5th operation, the number of elements greater than 2 is greater in arr1 than arr2 (2 > 1). Hence, append nums[5] to arr1.
>
> After 5 operations, arr1 = [5,3,1,2] and arr2 = [14].
>
> Hence, the array result formed by concatenation is [5,3,1,2,14].

**Example 3:**

> Input: nums = [3,3,3,3]
>
> Output: [3,3,3,3]
>
> Explanation: At the end of 4 operations, arr1 = [3,3] and arr2 = [3,3].
>
> Hence, the array result formed by concatenation is [3,3,3,3].

**Constraints:**

- `3 <= n <= 10^5`
- `1 <= nums[i] <= 10^9`

## 题目大意

## 解题思路

#### 复杂度分析

- **时间复杂度**：`O()`
- **空间复杂度**：`O()`

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目

- [410. 分割数组的最大值](https://leetcode.com/problems/split-array-largest-sum)
- [2206. 将数组划分成相等数对](https://leetcode.com/problems/divide-array-into-equal-pairs)

::::
