# [3080. Mark Elements on Array by Performing Queries](https://leetcode.com/problems/mark-elements-on-array-by-performing-queries/)

## 题目

You are given a **0-indexed** array `nums` of size `n` consisting of positive
integers.

You are also given a 2D array `queries` of size `m` where `queries[i] =
[indexi, ki]`.

Initially all elements of the array are **unmarked**.

You need to apply `m` queries on the array in order, where on the `ith` query
you do the following:

- Mark the element at index `indexi` if it is not already marked.
- Then mark `ki` unmarked elements in the array with the **smallest** values. If multiple such elements exist, mark the ones with the smallest indices. And if less than `ki` unmarked elements exist, then mark all of them.

Return _an array answer of size_`m` _where_`answer[i]`_is the**sum** of
unmarked elements in the array after the _`ith` _query_.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** nums = [1,2,2,1,2,3,1], queries = [[1,2],[3,3],[4,2]]

**Output:**[8,3,0]

**Explanation:**

We do the following queries on the array:

- Mark the element at index `1`, and `2` of the smallest unmarked elements with the smallest indices if they exist, the marked elements now are `nums = [**_1_** ,_**2**_ ,2,_**1**_ ,2,3,1]`. The sum of unmarked elements is `2 + 2 + 3 + 1 = 8`.
- Mark the element at index `3`, since it is already marked we skip it. Then we mark `3` of the smallest unmarked elements with the smallest indices, the marked elements now are `nums = [**_1_** ,_**2**_ ,_**2**_ ,_**1**_ ,_**2**_ ,3,**_1_**]`. The sum of unmarked elements is `3`.
- Mark the element at index `4`, since it is already marked we skip it. Then we mark `2` of the smallest unmarked elements with the smallest indices if they exist, the marked elements now are `nums = [**_1_** ,_**2**_ ,_**2**_ ,_**1**_ ,_**2**_ ,**_3_** ,_**1**_]`. The sum of unmarked elements is `0`.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** nums = [1,4,2,3], queries = [[0,1]]

**Output:**[7]

**Explanation:** We do one query which is mark the element at index `0` and
mark the smallest element among unmarked elements. The marked elements will be
`nums = [**_1_** ,4,_**2**_ ,3]`, and the sum of unmarked elements is `4 + 3 =
7`.

**Constraints:**

- `n == nums.length`
- `m == queries.length`
- `1 <= m <= n <= 10^5`
- `1 <= nums[i] <= 10^5`
- `queries[i].length == 2`
- `0 <= indexi, ki <= n - 1`

## 题目大意

## 解题思路

#### 复杂度分析

- **时间复杂度**：`O()`
- **空间复杂度**：`O()`

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目

::::
