# [3117. Minimum Sum of Values by Dividing Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-sum-of-values-by-dividing-array/)

## é¢˜ç›®

You are given two arrays `nums` and `andValues` of length `n` and `m`
respectively.

The **value** of an array is equal to the **last** element of that array.

You have to divide `nums` into `m` **disjoint contiguous** subarrays such that
for the `ith` subarray `[li, ri]`, the bitwise `AND` of the subarray elements
is equal to `andValues[i]`, in other words, `nums[li] & nums[li + 1] & ... &
nums[ri] == andValues[i]` for all `1 <= i <= m`, where `&` represents the
bitwise `AND` operator.

Return _the**minimum** possible sum of the **values** of the _`m`
_subarrays_`nums` _is divided into_. _If it is not possible to divide_`nums`
_into_`m` _subarrays satisfying these conditions, return_ `-1`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** nums = [1,4,3,3,2], andValues = [0,3,3,2]

**Output:** 12

**Explanation:**

The only possible way to divide `nums` is:

1. `[1,4]` as `1 & 4 == 0`.
2. `[3]` as the bitwise `AND` of a single element subarray is that element itself.
3. `[3]` as the bitwise `AND` of a single element subarray is that element itself.
4. `[2]` as the bitwise `AND` of a single element subarray is that element itself.

The sum of the values for these subarrays is `4 + 3 + 3 + 2 = 12`.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** nums = [2,3,5,7,7,7,5], andValues = [0,7,5]

**Output:** 17

**Explanation:**

There are three ways to divide `nums`:

1. `[[2,3,5],[7,7,7],[5]]` with the sum of the values `5 + 7 + 5 == 17`.
2. `[[2,3,5,7],[7,7],[5]]` with the sum of the values `7 + 7 + 5 == 19`.
3. `[[2,3,5,7,7],[7],[5]]` with the sum of the values `7 + 7 + 5 == 19`.

The minimum possible sum of the values is `17`.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** nums = [1,2,3,4], andValues = [2]

**Output:** -1

**Explanation:**

The bitwise `AND` of the entire array `nums` is `0`. As there is no possible
way to divide `nums` into a single subarray to have the bitwise `AND` of
elements `2`, return `-1`.

**Constraints:**

- `1 <= n == nums.length <= 10^4`
- `1 <= m == andValues.length <= min(n, 10)`
- `1 <= nums[i] < 10^5`
- `0 <= andValues[j] < 10^5`

## é¢˜ç›®å¤§æ„

## è§£é¢˜æ€è·¯

#### å¤æ‚åº¦åˆ†æž

- **æ—¶é—´å¤æ‚åº¦**ï¼š`O()`
- **ç©ºé—´å¤æ‚åº¦**ï¼š`O()`

## ä»£ç 

```javascript

```

## ç›¸å…³é¢˜ç›®

:::: md-demo ç›¸å…³é¢˜ç›®

- [2547. æ‹†åˆ†æ•°ç»„çš„æœ€å°ä»£ä»·](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-cost-to-split-an-array)
- [2578. æœ€å°å’Œåˆ†å‰²](https://leetcode.com/problems/split-with-minimum-sum)
- [ðŸ”’ Find Subarray With Bitwise OR Closest to K](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-subarray-with-bitwise-or-closest-to-k)

::::
