# [3227. Vowels Game in a String](https://leetcode.com/problems/vowels-game-in-a-string/)

## 题目

Alice and Bob are playing a game on a string.

You are given a string `s`, Alice and Bob will take turns playing the
following game where Alice starts **first** :

- On Alice's turn, she has to remove any **non-empty** substring from `s` that contains an **odd** number of vowels.
- On Bob's turn, he has to remove any **non-empty** substring from `s` that contains an **even** number of vowels.

The first player who cannot make a move on their turn loses the game. We
assume that both Alice and Bob play **optimally**.

Return `true` if Alice wins the game, and `false` otherwise.

The English vowels are: `a`, `e`, `i`, `o`, and `u`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** s = "leetcoder"

**Output:** true

**Explanation:**  
Alice can win the game as follows:

- Alice plays first, she can delete the underlined substring in `s = "_**leetco**_ der"` which contains 3 vowels. The resulting string is `s = "der"`.
- Bob plays second, he can delete the underlined substring in `s = "_**d**_ er"` which contains 0 vowels. The resulting string is `s = "er"`.
- Alice plays third, she can delete the whole string `s = "**_er_** "` which contains 1 vowel.
- Bob plays fourth, since the string is empty, there is no valid play for Bob. So Alice wins the game.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** s = "bbcd"

**Output:** false

**Explanation:**  
There is no valid play for Alice in her first turn, so Alice loses the game.

**Constraints:**

- `1 <= s.length <= 10^5`
- `s` consists only of lowercase English letters.

## 题目大意

## 解题思路

#### 复杂度分析

- **时间复杂度**：`O()`
- **空间复杂度**：`O()`

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目

::::
