# [3275. K-th Nearest Obstacle Queries](https://leetcode.com/problems/k-th-nearest-obstacle-queries/)

## 题目

There is an infinite 2D plane.

You are given a positive integer `k`. You are also given a 2D array `queries`,
which contains the following queries:

- `queries[i] = [x, y]`: Build an obstacle at coordinate `(x, y)` in the plane. It is guaranteed that there is **no** obstacle at this coordinate when this query is made.

After each query, you need to find the **distance** of the `kth` **nearest**
obstacle from the origin.

Return an integer array `results` where `results[i]` denotes the `kth` nearest
obstacle after query `i`, or `results[i] == -1` if there are less than `k`
obstacles.

**Note** that initially there are **no** obstacles anywhere.

The **distance** of an obstacle at coordinate `(x, y)` from the origin is
given by `|x| + |y|`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** queries = [[1,2],[3,4],[2,3],[-3,0]], k = 2

**Output:** [-1,7,5,3]

**Explanation:**

- Initially, there are 0 obstacles.
- After `queries[0]`, there are less than 2 obstacles.
- After `queries[1]`, there are obstacles at distances 3 and 7.
- After `queries[2]`, there are obstacles at distances 3, 5, and 7.
- After `queries[3]`, there are obstacles at distances 3, 3, 5, and 7.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** queries = [[5,5],[4,4],[3,3]], k = 1

**Output:** [10,8,6]

**Explanation:**

- After `queries[0]`, there is an obstacle at distance 10.
- After `queries[1]`, there are obstacles at distances 8 and 10.
- After `queries[2]`, there are obstacles at distances 6, 8, and 10.

**Constraints:**

- `1 <= queries.length <= 2 * 10^5`
- All `queries[i]` are unique.
- `-10^9 <= queries[i][0], queries[i][1] <= 10^9`
- `1 <= k <= 10^5`

## 题目大意

## 解题思路

#### 复杂度分析

- **时间复杂度**：`O()`
- **空间复杂度**：`O()`

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目

- [973. 最接近原点的 K 个点](./0973.md)

::::
