# [3302. Find the Lexicographically Smallest Valid Sequence](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-lexicographically-smallest-valid-sequence/)

## 题目

You are given two strings `word1` and `word2`.

A string `x` is called **almost equal** to `y` if you can change **at most**
one character in `x` to make it _identical_ to `y`.

A sequence of indices `seq` is called **valid** if:

- The indices are sorted in **ascending** order.
- _Concatenating_ the characters at these indices in `word1` in **the same** order results in a string that is **almost equal** to `word2`.

Return an array of size `word2.length` representing the lexicographically
smallest **valid** sequence of indices. If no such sequence of indices exists,
return an **empty** array.

**Note** that the answer must represent the _lexicographically smallest array_
, **not** the corresponding string formed by those indices.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** word1 = "vbcca", word2 = "abc"

**Output:** [0,1,2]

**Explanation:**

The lexicographically smallest valid sequence of indices is `[0, 1, 2]`:

- Change `word1[0]` to `'a'`.
- `word1[1]` is already `'b'`.
- `word1[2]` is already `'c'`.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** word1 = "bacdc", word2 = "abc"

**Output:** [1,2,4]

**Explanation:**

The lexicographically smallest valid sequence of indices is `[1, 2, 4]`:

- `word1[1]` is already `'a'`.
- Change `word1[2]` to `'b'`.
- `word1[4]` is already `'c'`.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** word1 = "aaaaaa", word2 = "aaabc"

**Output:** []

**Explanation:**

There is no valid sequence of indices.

**Example 4:**

**Input:** word1 = "abc", word2 = "ab"

**Output:** [0,1]

**Constraints:**

- `1 <= word2.length < word1.length <= 3 * 10^5`
- `word1` and `word2` consist only of lowercase English letters.

## 题目大意

## 解题思路

#### 复杂度分析

- **时间复杂度**：`O()`
- **空间复杂度**：`O()`

## 代码

```javascript

```

## 相关题目

:::: md-demo 相关题目

- [2030. 含特定字母的最小子序列](https://leetcode.com/problems/smallest-k-length-subsequence-with-occurrences-of-a-letter)

::::
