<!-- TODO: add problems -->
1441 | [用栈操作构建数组](https://leetcode.com/problems/build-an-array-with-stack-operations/)
# [1441. Build an Array With Stack Operations](https://leetcode.com/problems/build-an-array-with-stack-operations/)

:tangerine: <font color=#ffb800>Medium</font>&emsp; 🔖&ensp; [`栈`](../solution/stack.md) [`数组`](../solution/array.md) [`模拟`](../solution/simulation.md)

### 题目
You are given an integer array `target` and an integer `n`.

You have an empty stack with the two following operations:

`"Push"`: pushes an integer to the top of the stack.
`"Pop"`: removes the integer on the top of the stack.
You also have a stream of the integers in the range `[1, n]`.

Use the two stack operations to make the numbers in the stack (from the bottom to the top) equal to `target`. You should follow the following rules:

- If the stream of the integers is not empty, pick the next integer from the stream and push it to the top of the stack.
- If the stack is not empty, pop the integer at the top of the stack.
- If, at any moment, the elements in the stack (from the bottom to the top) are equal to `target`, do not read new integers from the stream and do not do more operations on the stack.

Return the stack operations needed to build `target` following the mentioned rules. If there are multiple valid answers, return **any of them**.

**Example 1:**

::: tip

Input: target = [1,3], n = 3
Output: ["Push","Push","Pop","Push"]

:::

Explanation: Initially the stack s is empty. The last element is the top of the stack.
- Read 1 from the stream and push it to the stack. s = [1].
- Read 2 from the stream and push it to the stack. s = [1,2].
- Pop the integer on the top of the stack. s = [1].
- Read 3 from the stream and push it to the stack. s = [1,3].

**Example 2:**

::: tip

Input: target = [1,2,3], n = 3
Output: ["Push","Push","Push"]

:::

Explanation: Initially the stack s is empty. The last element is the top of the stack.
- Read 1 from the stream and push it to the stack. s = [1].
- Read 2 from the stream and push it to the stack. s = [1,2].
- Read 3 from the stream and push it to the stack. s = [1,2,3].


**Example 3:**

::: tip

Input: target = [1,2], n = 4
Output: ["Push","Push"]

:::

Explanation: Initially the stack s is empty. The last element is the top of the stack.
- Read 1 from the stream and push it to the stack. s = [1].
- Read 2 from the stream and push it to the stack. s = [1,2].
- Since the stack (from the bottom to the top) is equal to target, we stop the stack operations.
- The answers that read integer 3 from the stream are not accepted.

**Constraints:**
- `1 <= target.length <= 100`
- `1 <= n <= 100`
- `1 <= target[i] <= n`
- `target` is strictly increasing.


### 题目大意


### 解题思路


### 代码

```javascript

```
